Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So… You return… to… The valley of…
Tim Sackton: three wells, a camp, where the people of the Refounded Alliance of Orbez.
Tim Sackton: Gather.
Tim Sackton: to… Discuss and plan and make decisions for the community.
Tim Sackton: And… we pick up… On the morning of August 8th.
Tim Sackton: After the War Council, after the discussions and debates, About what to do.
Tim Sackton: When you have decided that after a rest, you will, proceed with…
Tim Sackton: your campaign of harassment and guerrilla warfare against the Hobgoblin army.
Tim Sackton: But before we proceed, we go back to the night when the world turns and the night falls, and the stars begin to flicker over the sky.
Tim Sackton: And the fox and hunter, the constellation, drift above the horizon, watching the sky dark and empty.
Tim Sackton: 2,529th new moon that they have seen.
Tim Sackton: Their attention, as always, is drawn to the borderlands west and north of their old homeland of Izengay, where the rangers guard the settled realms from the dangers of the plaguands.
Tim Sackton: The prayers are numerous tonight.
Tim Sackton: People pray for hope, healing, for escape to safety.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: To protect their loved ones, to survive the coming battle, to be brave in the face of their fear.
Tim Sackton: There's a little…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That one can do against this onslaught of prayers.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: On a hidden track, a captain at arms, Martin Strongbow, pauses in his nighttime gallop to tend his horse.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Offering a prayer for speed.
Tim Sackton: The fox breathes what life he can into the limbs of the man's horse. It stamps impatiently, eager for the race.
Tim Sackton: The hunter sees the path ahead, casting sight into the man's eyes to guide him in darkness.
Tim Sackton: He'll ride far tonight, gathering troops to muster, protect the hidden life rescued from Isendge.
Tim Sackton: The hunter, as he does every night, spares a glance for this hidden magic.
Tim Sackton: The blessing from the days of myth.
Tim Sackton: That the Rangers call the heart route.
Tim Sackton: Frailty still clings to it, the wrongness of its shape here, away from home, apart from the contours and the flow and the…
Tim Sackton: Path of the river that gave it birth.
Tim Sackton: But as he does every night, the hunter breathes life into the heartroot, sustaining it in this unnatural space for another day, until it can be returned home.
Tim Sackton: Many prayers come from the gathering at Three Wells.
Tim Sackton: A familiar presence, a dear servant and ally, Cataline Miller, offers prayers of thanks for the aid that has arrived unexpectedly.
Tim Sackton: Her prayers are the strongest, of course, and easiest to grasp, but they're just one of many of the prayers of thanks and hope that echo from three wells.
Tim Sackton: As the night turns, the fox and hunter glance at the hobgoblins moving across the plaguelands.
Tim Sackton: The rippling echoes of limbo still cling to them, the same strange contamination that has been growing the past two months.
Tim Sackton: Worried, the gaze of the fox and hunter linger on these creatures as dawn breaks, and their movement slows to a halt as they begin to set camp for the day under a blanket of ash.
Tim Sackton: And so we pick up as you awake from your rest in the bustle of camp.
Tim Sackton: Messages have gone out, the militias and rangers are mustering.
Tim Sackton: I believe… The decision of the council was to
Tim Sackton: muster the forces to protect the Heart Route itself, the Hidden Valley, some…
Tim Sackton: I have a map in Rule 20. I think it's, like, 60, 70 miles from here.
Tim Sackton: The load, little 20.
Tim Sackton: Meanwhile, as you awake, to, Breakfast in the camp.
Tim Sackton: Let's see…
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, it's only more like…
Tim Sackton: 30 miles from here, 35 miles from here.
Tim Sackton: So… As a reminder, You are here.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I don't know if you can see little Twinny. Yep.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And this is the… Hidden Valley.
Tim Sackton: And the Hobgoblins are somewhere here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the Hoggans are probably just on the edge of this map.
Tim Sackton: So, what do you want to do?
Mike: So… start to grow a warfare campaign, right?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Can you see?
David S. Kong: A couple quick meta questions.
David S. Kong: So, home route?
David S. Kong: Right? That's, like, where the goblins… how goblins are trying to get to. Do we know, like, are they just… like, what is Homeroot? Is it, like, a physical… like, what are they trying to… what's their goal? Like, what is the… because, like, we're setting our defenses there, which is great, but, like, what's the… do we understand what exact… what precisely their goal is? Like, are they trying to destroy, like, a physical…
David S. Kong: space, or just the… like, what is their goal? Do we know their, like, specific goal?
Mike: All I remember… I don't think we know anything beyond…
Mike: that this… this Empress of Chaos, or whatever she's calling herself, Thinks that it'll somehow help.
Mike: Control that is engaged.
David S. Kong: But, like, what, though? Like, a specific tree? Is it, like, a…
David S. Kong: Are they trying to kill… you know what I mean? Like, what are they…
Mike: I thought… I thought they were trying to take it, but did I misunderstand that, Tim?
Mike: I'll do that now.
Tim Sackton: You don't know what the hobgoblin you interrogated said.
Tim Sackton: was…
Tim Sackton: That the plan was to pierce the heartroot
Tim Sackton: with Chaos… with her Chaos Spear.
Tim Sackton: And take control of the magic.
David S. Kong: is the heart route.
David S. Kong: Now, should we ask our comrades?
David S. Kong: Do they know what the, what the goblin's referring to?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: This was explained at the council,
Tim Sackton: So, is I'm gay, which is…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: in the Plaguands. It's, like, where Beryl was from, it was, like, one of the major axes of Shemutz assault during the Great War.
Tim Sackton: had this blessing. It was, like, there was some magic that made it.
Tim Sackton: Very rich agricultural land, very fertile, very productive, healthy, like, the population grew fast, the animals thrived, like…
Tim Sackton: And it was kind of like,
Tim Sackton: I mean, there was the city of Isengay, but it wasn't a huge city, it was just… there was… it was, like, very densely settled little agricultural towns. Some of the vibe kind of, like.
Tim Sackton: you know, like, little New England towns, everybody had, like, a town meeting, it's just like… but it was very rich agricultural, and there's some, like, southern France…
Tim Sackton: Agricultural vibes as well.
Tim Sackton: that… Magic, according to… Cataline, who was a…
Tim Sackton: Effectively, a priest of… priestess of Barrel.
Tim Sackton: Who is now a demigod.
Tim Sackton: Was described as some kind of living…
Tim Sackton: entity that spread through the soil, that…
Tim Sackton: Connected to the roots of the plants, they're connected to the water.
Tim Sackton: when… The Hobgoblin's sack isn't gay.
Tim Sackton: And when the plague descended, some rangers fled with a fragment of that
Tim Sackton: Soil of that root network, the, like, magic mycelium that…
Tim Sackton: Was the cause of this fertility.
Tim Sackton: And hit it, In this valley in Arbez.
Tim Sackton: I have been charged with protecting it since, although it has never spread and grow in the same way, and the point of the intro was to hint that that's… has to do with…
Tim Sackton: It's actual physical connection to the river.
Tim Sackton: to the Istaros.
Tim Sackton: So, the Rangers are hoping to… Someday restore it.
David S. Kong: Hmm…
Tim Sackton: the…
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Hobgoblin Empress of Chaos presumes somehow that She can corrupt it, or…
Tim Sackton: Take a piece of it and use it to control the ooze, or…
Tim Sackton: destroy it, or… something. You don't know quite what, other than what's been described as…
Tim Sackton: By the captive you interrogated, that…
Tim Sackton: She wants to pierce the heart of the… the secret heart of the land with her chaos Spear, whatever that means, and she wants to take control of the magic.
Tim Sackton: Which she believes will allow her to then control the Ooze Titan that lives in Ismge, and ride the Ooze Titan to destroy everybody.
David S. Kong: Got him. So actually, just learning all this, and in general, Kenzo, like, will, will,
David S. Kong: use his, you know, like, awareness, like, aura awareness, and also, like, talk with, talk with nature. Like, where is that? Like, he's gonna probe and try to figure out, like, just to understand, like, where is this? Is it… because it sounds like it's actually, like, a physical…
David S. Kong: Yeah, so you… I mean, the Rangers told you, right? It's…
Tim Sackton: valley, you know where it is. There's a valley.
Tim Sackton: Which is marked on the map that's in Rule 20.
Tim Sackton: I can probably kind of draw on this, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I put, like, a sort of crude blue circle around it.
Tim Sackton: So you know where it is. It's about 35, 40 miles away from where you are now.
Tim Sackton: And… You know.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh…
Tim Sackton: I mean, so the rangers have kept it secret. They made you all… you may have seen in the session notes or remembered, they made you all swear an oath, because they don't openly discuss the location of this…
Tim Sackton: Magic.
Tim Sackton: And so you have all sworn an oath to not reveal the location to anybody, but at this point, with it threatened, I mean.
Tim Sackton: you know, the army is mustering, they don't necessarily know what they're protecting.
Tim Sackton: And whether the best place to fight is precisely there, or, you know, somewhere in these woods, or, like, it's not.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if the exact lines of battle have been settled completely.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Just for fun.
David S. Kong: Kenzo's gonna try to, like.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: commune with it, just to try to… I mean, from a distance, obviously, we're, like, miles and miles away, right? How far away? Yeah, you're… you're…
Tim Sackton: you're probably a little bit outside of the range at which Kenzo can comfortably.
David S. Kong: I've got, like, a 36-mile radius or something like that, it's like 30, 40 miles.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's, it's about 40 miles away.
Tim Sackton: 35, 40 miles.
Tim Sackton: Right. So, I mean, you could go for a little walk and get 5 miles closer if you…
David S. Kong: Yeah, before… at some point during this whole process, that's what Kenzo's gonna do. He's gonna go and just get… cause, like, just… just to, like,
David S. Kong: See if we can do a little interaction with it, and get a little…
Tim Sackton: catch up.
David S. Kong: vibe, you know?
David S. Kong: Actually talk to it, you know.
Tim Sackton: So everybody should also remember to long rest.
Tim Sackton: But you do not get your…
Tim Sackton: temporary hit points until Vinder Sharna catches up to you in a couple of days.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, 36 miles, so you're, you're, like, right on the edge. Kenza probably wouldn't have to walk that far, would be a short walk out of camp.
David S. Kong: Yeah, just really quick, Tim, what's the vibe? You know, Kenzo extends his consciousness out to try to, like… I mean, it must be very interesting and different relative to, like, you know, regular-ass, like, you know, plant life and stuff, so just…
David S. Kong: Very briefly, what's that?
Tim Sackton: For sure. So, okay, so, so the vibe,
Tim Sackton: as you reach your… as… as… so, Kenzo, what… well, actually, let's,
Tim Sackton: if anybody… is anybody else doing any… so Kenzo's gonna, like, go for a morning walk, basically, and take a little walk.
Tim Sackton: Just a short distance out of camp, and sense, you know, extend his perception, sense around, get a sense of the land, and…
Tim Sackton: check in with stuff. Is anybody else doing anything?
Tim Sackton: Particular this morning that requires… damn attention to resolve.
Tim Sackton: Are you just kind of chilling at camp, making plans?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I think making battle plans is the…
Mike: Order of business.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so Kenzo, as you walk,
Tim Sackton: You begin, you know, you walk some… some way, and it's… this is a strong enough
Tim Sackton: presence, that even though, you know, you can… you can sort of feel it at the edge of your consciousness even before you sort of activate this ability. And so it doesn't…
Mike: Hold on, Tim. Yeah. Before you get… remind me how big… I'm just making battle plans. Remind me how big the,
Mike: the creature was. It was, like, 300 feet.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: By…
Mike: How big is.
Tim Sackton: the… the… the, like, Mecha Centipede is.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So it's about 450 feet long and 200 feet wide.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Although it's… from your scrying, it seemed like the camp
Tim Sackton: when they made camp during the day, first of all, the entire camp is more or less covered by an ash cloud. Yeah. And the camp itself extends some distance from the centipede, and you could not see the creature because it was under the ash cloud.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: Presumably the source of the ash cloud.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, Kenzo, as Kenzo, as you walk.
Tim Sackton: You, you can feel… feel this sense, tugging at you from the north.
Tim Sackton: And it gets stronger as you sort of walk up up the hill.
Tim Sackton: From this valley, sort of following this stream a little bit,
Tim Sackton: You go a couple miles, and you can feel the… Presence of this… thing…
Tim Sackton: strongly sort of tugging at you, and you reach out your consciousness. And the…
Tim Sackton: The first thing that you…
Tim Sackton: Notice as you reach out your consciousness and feel yourself make contact with this, or…
Tim Sackton: Or… or touch it somehow, is actually…
Tim Sackton: The smell that kind of washes over you, rain and warm bread and…
Tim Sackton: Yeast and ripe fruit, all kind of mixed together in a way that doesn't clash, that smells…
Tim Sackton: just rich. Like, each layer is distinct on top of… One another.
Tim Sackton: It almost draws you in.
Tim Sackton: pulls you towards it a little bit. And the next thing you feel as you touch it is not any…
Tim Sackton: Not any direct, sort of, sensory experience, but almost a lightness, like…
Tim Sackton: like, the sort of spring of putting your hand on moss, right? That sort of… Almost bouncy feeling.
Tim Sackton: And the sound of… A breeze?
Tim Sackton: And then the warmth on your skin, and almost… you almost… This thing is… Deeply ancient.
Tim Sackton: Whatever it is.
Tim Sackton: Incredibly old and much larger than even you, as strong as you are.
Tim Sackton: And you're almost involuntarily pulled towards it. You almost disassociate from your body. It's like an involuntary use of your astral form, and it pulls at you.
Tim Sackton: And you feel this, again, this sort of…
Tim Sackton: springy sensation, as if you're… you're walking on… on moss, and…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: closeness.
Tim Sackton: Like, there's things all around you. You can't perceive what they are.
Tim Sackton: But they feel… ancient. And also… bent.
David S. Kong: Also, what?
Tim Sackton: Bent. Bent. Bent out of shape.
David S. Kong: wig.
Tim Sackton: This… thing does not fit where it is.
Tim Sackton: It's… there's something wrong about how it… how it lies. It's trying to stretch.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: can't.
David S. Kong: We need to return this thing home.
David S. Kong: That's the deeper mission.
Tim Sackton: And as you… continue to commune with it, you hear… you begin to hear… The sounds.
Tim Sackton: Kind of overwhelm your sense.
Tim Sackton: Not just… You know.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Bird calls, and the sound of…
Tim Sackton: Of insects, of bees, but actually the… The sound, somehow, of… plants growing.
Tim Sackton: Like, the sound of roots creeping through the soil and touching each other.
Tim Sackton: And twisting around each other. Hey, Eric!
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is communing with the,
Tim Sackton: magical fertility magic of Isn't Gay known to the Rangers as the Heart Root.
David S. Kong: It's like, ancient superior plant intelligence, fertile, fertility demigod intelligence thing.
Eric R: I don't know, weakened state, right?
Tim Sackton: Yes, it's, it is…
Tim Sackton: what I was saying just before you joined is that the thing that Kenzo feels is that it is…
Tim Sackton: It is bent out of shape, like it's trying to stretch.
Tim Sackton: And it can't, it's constrained, it's in the wrong place.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: We need to bring it home. This is like a return, return the… return the…
David S. Kong: Nothing home.
Tim Sackton: So the sounds that you hear, again, are not just the sounds of bees and birds, the sounds of roots. Also, it's almost as if you can hear or almost feel within you the swell of fruit.
Tim Sackton: As it grows and ripens.
Tim Sackton: And the… as this happens, there's a burst, a sensation of taste in the back of your mouth of sweetness.
David S. Kong: Tim, this is, like, amazing. Kenzo… Kenzo basically, like, I know everybody's working on battle plans, blah blah blah,
David S. Kong: And, you know, he's gonna help, for sure. How many days until the army… because we're doing this, like, every day, right? We're gonna go in and, like, kind of do some guerrilla attacks every day, right? So…
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Basically, all of his off time, Kenzo is going to explore this… this sentience, this intelligence, whatever it is. And there are rangers around that, like, are experts in this thing, too, right? That, like, know it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, Kenzo also just… we don't have to roleplay this, or right now, but, Kenzo also is gonna… he's gonna personally do some, like, just…
David S. Kong: like, if there's, like, 5 nights, or whatever, however many days, each day, he's gonna kinda try to deepen his relationship with it. First, just understanding, but then, like, kind of probing, and then potentially trying to, like, ask it some questions, and just kind of familiarizing itself with it, you know? Very respectfully, very, you know, first just kind of, like.
David S. Kong: Just being… and actually, too, if there… when there's more time.
David S. Kong: Kenzo will full-on astrally project and just go, go get closer to it.
David S. Kong: Cause I can travel pretty fast as an astral projection, so…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, at some point, of course, you will likely find yourself here, and it will be much easier to commune with it when you're physically in its presence.
David S. Kong: But.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I get the vibe.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, this is just, like, Kenzo wants to understand this and just feel it out more deeply, and then one of the nights as well, he's basically gonna take two or three nights and just do a lot of self-exploration, and then, like, on night four or whatever, he's gonna go and talk to some of the rangers and just be like, hey, so this is what I've been doing, you got what's going on with you guys, and just…
David S. Kong: Just have a little more completeness and understanding.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: I think…
Tim Sackton: Let's… let's play out… let's play out the, you know, let's get to the malicious stuff, but we could play out that when we get to that. I'll keep that in mind.
David S. Kong: Great, great.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Tim Sackton: So you spend… Kenzo, I mean, you end up feeling a bit… Lost in this entity.
Tim Sackton: And some time passes, and you kind of shake yourself out. I mean, normally, this sense doesn't last
Tim Sackton: a long… a long time, right? Normally, it sort of…
Tim Sackton: you extend your consciousness, and you get something, and then it kind of goes away. But something about this entity sort of catches you as you're probing it.
Tim Sackton: And you return to yourself maybe 30 minutes later.
Tim Sackton: Still, with this kind of… Taste of sweetness and the… and the…
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Sounds of the… of roots growing in the back of your mind.
David S. Kong: And it's almost as though, because I was so early and punctual in my engagement with this, that I'm, like, additionally inspired. Like, I just feel this, like, rush of inspiration in my being. Eric, we came up with some new, some new, metagame policy rules, so if you're on time, or early, I think maybe more if you're early.
David S. Kong: You can get, like, an additional Bardic inspiration as a part of the thing.
David S. Kong: And if you're late, if you're, like, extra… you have fraternity exemptions, so not for you.
Mike: The rules don't apply to anybody with a checkpoint. But if you're…
David S. Kong: Customer's, like, really late.
Mike: Once your children are both over 2, they start applying.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, then the one. But then you get disadvantage on your first initiative in battle, if you're, like, really late, so we're doing a little incentivization of, right, so I'll just say, the first time Kong was ever early, he came up with this rule.
David S. Kong: Yeah, you gotta seize these opportunities in life, is what I've learned.
Eric R: More inspiration for being even earlier.
David S. Kong: Exactly.
Eric R: I don't want him to be lonely in the Zoom by himself, you know?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So… a plan… is to do some kind of attack. At the moment.
Tim Sackton: As far as you're aware, the Hobgoblins are something like 130 miles away from the river.
Tim Sackton: and probably… Let's see, a year, maybe…
Tim Sackton: You're maybe 120 miles away, so there are probably…
Tim Sackton: You know, a few hundred miles away from you.
Mike: So…
Mike: That one's been, like, sort of sketching, like, little maps and the little things in the earth, and, like, scratching them out, and, like, sort of muttering about, like, if only general
Mike: you know, alamandas was here, you know.
Mike: she would really know what to do. But I think…
Mike: if we use the right… if we use Seeker's vast knowledge of every spell in D&D,
Mike: or ability to cast any spell in D&D, there's some pretty… Devastating attacks.
Mike: Tsunami? Have you looked at tsunami?
Eric R: I have a lot of catching up to do on that, I guess.
Mike: Yeah, I put 4 spells in the chat that I think are the most effective that I found.
Mike: Tsunami creates a 300-foot-tall, 300-foot-wide, 50-foot-thick wall of water.
Mike: That then moves 50 feet a turn for up to 6 turns.
Mike: And it does.
Mike: It does, 60-10 bludgeoning damage to every creature inside the wall, inside the tsunami.
Mike: Or… or half on a successful save. And then, each turn, you move the wall, it gets smaller, and the damage goes down.
Mike: Right? So, so, by the end, you're only doing 1d10 damage, right? But, you could get 3 quarters of the troops, probably.
Eric R: Where's Tim gonna get 30,000 D10s? That's ridiculous.
Mike: ChatGPT!
Mike: So, that's… so I think we had this idea of…
Mike: Being like, we are… we are the avenging…
Mike: doom coming to kill you. Here is the, like, 10 plagues of Egypt style, like, you know, the first plague will be water, the second plague will be fire, the third plague will be wind.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Mike: 8.
Mike: And, like, unleash godly plagues on this person. Be like, how dare you… you dare to attack, you know, this place? Well, we are going to strike you down with…
Mike: you know… The power of the sun, and the power of fire, the power of water.
Eric R: I thought hubris was something you didn't do on purpose.
Mike: Could be wrong about that.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Soul site, the, the guy we captured, do we know…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): If, like, would the tsunami… is there a reasonable chance of one-shotting the… the troops?
Mike: 60-10 should one-shot.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I mean, that's what's the average, that's like…
Mike: 30, on average… ish? 30… Right?
Mike: I'm sure… I mean, there's no… I mean, if you make a save for half, if they make their save, they're probably not one-shotted.
Mike: But…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: If they fail their safe, they should die.
Mike: You can't have… these Hobgoblin troops can't have 30 hit points each. That would be, like, an unbeatable army.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Sure, sure. How long was the… how long is the thing they're riding on? Can we hit them all at once?
Mike: Now, it's 450 feet long. The tsunami moves 50 feet a turn, and only lasts 6 rounds.
Mike: So it starts at the front, and it'll get 300 feet.
Mike: Along.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, although if we did… if this is the thing, when we do it, like, at an angle, we can probably…
Mike: I was a kiddos.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: It's 200 feet wide and 450 feet long.
Mike: And the tsunami moves in a straight line, you can't zigzag it.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): The tsunami moves in a straight line away from you each turn. Wait, wait, it's 200 feet wide?
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: So it's like a box 200 feet by 450 feet.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah. Got it.
Mike: But so I think Tsunami head-on is the most effective, because… It.
Mike: Gets 50 feet… it starts 300 feet tall and 300 feet wide, but it gets 50 feet shorter each round.
Mike: But it does… It's cumulative damage, so anybody who gets in it is stuck in it and pushed along.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Evie?
Mike: So, in theory, it should kill everybody in the front rank, right? Because…
Mike: they're gonna get carried along for multiple rounds. There's no way they're gonna survive. But then it'll kill only half of the second rank.
Mike: And maybe only a third of the third rake, and by the end, it'll kill none of them.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Although, do we want to, start from the back and go to the front in case the wizard has Counterspell?
Mike: I mean, starting from the back's not a crazy idea, but Tsunami has a range of 1 mile.
Mike: So, we don't have to worry about Counterspell, because we can be a mile away.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Got it.
Mike: In fact, all of the spells have… I didn't pick any spells with a range less than… the next one is Whirlwind, right? We have Whirlwind, which creates, as you might expect, a Whirlwind. That's a lot less good, it's only 10-foot radius.
Mike: But you take 10d6 bludgeoning damage?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And it lasts forever.
Mike: A whole minute, so you can run it along…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And it moves…
Mike: 60… it moves… 30 feet.
Mike: It moves 30 feet along the… the… it moves 30 feet each turn, so in…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 10… in one round, in one minute, 10 turns, it can move 300 feet.
Mike: So again, that could scrape along one side. It's not big enough to get both halves, but you could scrape it along almost all of one side, because it does… because it does 10d6 damage, and you can control it, if they try and dodge away or something like that, it's a lot easier to chase.
Mike: And 10d6 damage, you don't even… I'm sure it'll just kill everybody who's in it, right? Because…
Mike: Even if they make their save, 10v6 damage is probably not gonna…
Mike: And then we get into fire.
Mike: Firestorm is 10, 10-foot cubes.
Mike: That's instantaneous.
Mike: So, it's… it's a little bit… it's just more fire coming down from the sky, but you can put 10 10-foot cubes along one side, or along the middle, or scattered around, and everybody in one of those cubes takes 76… 70…
Mike: 70-10 fire damage.
Mike: And flammable objects that aren't being worn or carried start burning, so I don't know what that gets us.
Mike: And then finally, we have Sunburst.
Mike: Sunburst is a 60-foot… sphere.
Mike: Which is 12d6 radiant damage and blinds anybody.
Mike: So that's more just one point, again, it's less… I mean, nothing does… nothing is nearly as effective as Tsunami. The most dramatic… the most effective thing would just be to cast Tsunami from a mile away every day.
Mike: Right?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): How many can we test?
Mike: when it.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): One a day.
Mike: It takes Seeker's wish, right? The only way Seeker can cast it… Is via Wish, because…
Mike: Wish can simulate any lower level spell.
Eric R: Sorry, I missed part of the discussion here, but, heat metal.
Mike: But that does affect… that has such a small radiant, right?
Eric R: Does it?
Mike: I don't know, how much area does it affect?
Tim Sackton: Heat metal targets one…
Mike: I targeted one person.
Eric R: The centipede is metal, that's what I was thinking.
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's a possibility, is…
Eric R: Eat up the whole thing.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: what I was thinking.
Mike: Yeah?
Mike: One manufactured metal object.
Mike: That you can see within range. It's only 60 feet, though. I was trying to pick spells with at least a 150-foot radius.
Mike: Because the risk of being within 60 feet is that…
Mike: the Hobgoblins all… I mean, a thousand hob… you know, if 200 hobgoblins run at us, we're just gonna die.
Eric R: Right.
Eric R: Right. And I could… I could boost the range.
Mike: Oh, but I forgot you could boost the rage.
Eric R: I mean… It's a second level spell.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, Spellseeker actually knows.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: are kind of dice, because you can cast them without using Wish.
Eric R: But I don't currently have this one.
Mike: I thought you had heat metal.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: to use it.
Eric R: I probably swapped that.
Tim Sackton: We swapped it out at some point.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I mean, using Wish to cast a second level spell is likely not the most effective.
Eric R: Yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right?
Eric R: Oh, but wait.
Eric R: It scales the damage up.
Mike: If it does, you could do… it would do a lot of damage, right?
Mike: If it actually caused… if you could actually heat metal against the centipede, and cause everybody within contact of the centipede to take…
Eric R: V8, I think.
Mike: 98 fire damage.
Mike: then that would, like, kill the entire army, but I'm a little bit skeptical it would actually work against the centipede.
Eric R: Well, is it segmented?
Eric R: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: It might work against one part of it, right?
Eric R: Yeah, we could just heat up the head, or whatever.
Mike: Yeah? I mean, I think the main question is, is the plan… so, the challenge with the guerrilla warfare stuff is, how do we get there? How do we get away?
Mike: That's pretty much the two challenges.
Eric R: Yeah. Did anybody think about my idea of, So…
Mike: wasps?
Eric R: You're just going in through the… It's a portal. The port.
Eric R: On the back of the thing.
Mike: I mean, I think sending a sacrificial victim… I mean, heroic ladder.
Eric R: So, yeah.
Eric R: The latter could do it.
Mike: could have some possibilities. I just… what would you… I don't know what we'd achieve down there.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well, either it has a brain that you could…
Eric R: You know, cut its…
Eric R: or something, and then it will stop moving, or it has some other control mechanism that you could take over and steer it into the ocean or whatever.
Mike: I bet you it's, like, sentient metal. Wasn't it very Terminator 2 vibey?
Eric R: That was the special armor of the Corps.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Jesus.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: Oh, is the centipede more like a normal Mac?
Mike: normal.
Tim Sackton: I mean… You never really got a good look at it, because… It was… Billowing ash. Like, it's…
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: It was hard to actually visualize much about the centipede itself, because of the… Because of the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Does the ash… When the centipede's moving, is the ash, like, a thin, like, very close to it?
Mike: I was trying to figure out… Yeah, it doesn't extend in a large range. That was only when it was camped.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That was only when it was camping.
Eric R: Glider's fly speed isn't very good, also.
Eric R: Right.
Mike: I mean, I would… we have, like, what, 5 or 6 days till it gets to the plateau, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, something like that.
Tim Sackton: I mean, keep in mind, also, like, the first time you scouted it, A couple nights ago.
Tim Sackton: You arrived at something like 2…
Tim Sackton: You know, midnight, 1 in the morning.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: And you reached it, 7 AM, something like that. It's like a 6-hour… 6-plus hour… 6-7 hour journey there.
Tim Sackton: Right, and that was moving ads.
Tim Sackton: You know, fast birds that were going 30 miles an hour.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Tim, would the thing… Sorry, would the thing they're writing on count as a structure for the purposes of earthquake?
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: It's a… it's a abomination slash creature. And as far as you could tell, it actually was not even touching the ground.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Hi.
Mike: I mean, if it's a creature, heat metal might not work on it. Although, I don't know, does heat metal work on golems?
Mike: So, I think that the actual more interesting challenge is, how are we getting there? Are we using animal shapes, flying?
Mike: Turning back into people.
Mike: Doing something terrifying, and then flying away.
Mike: I mean, that's an idea. We're teleporting away.
David S. Kong: Sorry if I missed this, but do we, do we know now, like, what big attacks we want to do, and how we're gonna phase them? Like, which days we're gonna.
Mike: Well, Eric Seeker seems skeptical of the hubristic… 10 Plagues of Egypt style.
Eric R: Oh, no, that would definitely work, I like that, yes.
Eric R: It's just… it's just the wrath of actual gods part that I'm worried about, but I'm sure that'll be fine.
David S. Kong: Well, I think this is, like, because we're also trying to, like, instill fear in… amongst the, like, the, you know, the whatever lower ranks. You know, it's just, like, more…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like…
David S. Kong: Actually, is there, like, in Hobgoblin lore, like, some kind of, like, you know, thing that they're scared of? Like, what do Hobgoblins, like, fear? Like, what's, like, the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Version of, like, the, you know… Like, what do you.
David S. Kong: The parents tell their kids to be, like, you know what I mean?
Mike: Yeah, that's a good question.
Tim Sackton: Jen.
Eric R: like…
Mike: What… what is the, like… I mean, we should… between us, we should have some Hobgoblin War, right? We could ask around, too.
David S. Kong: Well, we can know… I'm sure we can know it, and then we can also ask our ally, our real ally wizard guy.
David S. Kong: As soon.
Tim Sackton: I mean…
David S. Kong: That's everything.
Tim Sackton: So, there's two things, right? So…
Eric R: Better be a good hobgoblin, or Santa Claus will get you.
David S. Kong: Exactly.
Tim Sackton: So, it's… these popgoblins are,
Tim Sackton: They may not be particularly normal Hoggoblins.
Mike: Right.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I mean…
Tim Sackton: you know, there were… there… most of the… most of the people around here, and, like, Welby from, you know, his history and Sabar and stuff.
Tim Sackton: You would be familiar… I mean, there were… there was a Hobgoblin kingdom on the southern border of Sambara for 50 years, like, about 100 years ago. It was defeated 100 years ago, roughly.
Tim Sackton: Right, so there's plenty of, like, stories of hobgoblins, but those were stories of hobgoblins that were, at least for some fraction of their existence, you know, reasonably willing to live in negotiated peace with humans.
Tim Sackton: Which may or may not be similar to Hobgoblins who are seeking a… to control some supernatural magic to, enslave a Titanic ooze and use it to destroy things, right? There's not, like…
Tim Sackton: I mean, it wouldn't really make sense to ask, like, what are humans afraid of?
Tim Sackton: So, hobgoblins are sort of the same way.
David S. Kong: I guess it's more like, and if not, we don't have to spend a lot of time on this, it's more like, is there an obvious, like, you know, boogie person, or boogie, boogie, boogie something that we think might be useful? I mean, otherwise we can just, like, do the things, but it's like, if there were, like, a booming voice, like, we can cantrip, like, a, you know, like a booming voice that's like…
Tim Sackton: Oh, I mean, the one defining feature of all Hobgoblin… cultures is… they…
Tim Sackton: Do not… so they… they have no divine magic, they don't worship gods.
Tim Sackton: So, you know, in…
Tim Sackton: not that they deny the existence of gods, because they're sort of undeniable, but they don't… there are no Hobgoblin gods, there's no, like, Hobgoblin firstborn, there's no…
Tim Sackton: they are not endowed with the ability to create, you know, these incorporeal gods by the power of their belief. There are no Hobgoblin clerics. There's plenty of hobgoblin wizards and barbs and things like that, but,
Tim Sackton: So…
Tim Sackton: You know, there's not… they don't have the same sort of shared mythology that, like, halflings or dwarves or elves might have.
Tim Sackton: and even humans, right? Like…
Tim Sackton: you know, Hobgoblin individual groups of hobgoblins might be even more diverged than humans, because there's not, like, a handful of common religions that they share.
Tim Sackton: So, in short, the answer is, like, no, basically. It's not like some…
Mike: Is there any sense in which Hobgoblins are…
Mike: Like, do we know anything? How do the gods feel about the hopcobbler? I mean, what's the, like, you know, what does the human religion…
Mike: What does, like, Moss Numina say about.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: cards.
Tim Sackton: I mean, again, there's, like, a pre-Shemut, and there's a post-Schamut, and it's a little bit…
Tim Sackton: It's a little bit difficult to disentangle the schmut aspect from the Hobgoblin aspect.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: And I actually don't know, I haven't really made up much about
Tim Sackton: pre-Shemut hobgoblins, although there's evidence that there's some hobgoblins who rejected Shemuts.
Tim Sackton: Desires for good or for bad reasons.
Tim Sackton: Shemat was, of course, dedicated to overthrowing the gods, and so, in the course of the Great War, Shemat's allies got painted with the.
Mike: Same.
Tim Sackton: enemies of the gods, Brush, as Hobgoblins were the major force of his.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: army.
Tim Sackton: You know, and in fact, many of the Hobgoblins that still exist in this part of the world are, in fact, the survivors of Shemont's armies.
Mike: Right.
Mike: So, but there isn't… we don't have any sense that, like…
Mike: Nobody really knows from the Hobgoblin perspective.
Mike: like, are they afraid the gods might decide to punish them? Are they…
Mike: you know, happy that they don't have divine magic, because they're not under the… you know, we… maybe the answer is we have no idea, or they, like…
Mike: Were they, like, siding with Shemut because they're… they think the gods are a problem for them?
Mike: And they thought it'd be great if the gods were dead, because now they don't have to worry about something, right? Like…
David S. Kong: Yep.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Sorry.
Mike: I have no idea.
Tim Sackton: I don't think you have any idea, and again, I don't think that there's…
Tim Sackton: There's not any clear reason to believe that this was a… that there was any sort of universal belief, even among
Tim Sackton: We should use.
Mike: We should ask the weird wizard woman.
David S. Kong: Exactly, yeah. Can we just ask it, like… like, we can tell him our plan, and just be like, hey, like, is there… should we invoke something here, or just, like, you know, just to see if he's…
Mike: Let's, yeah, let's just… we just summoned the court wizard.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: We're just gonna ask her, like…
Tim Sackton: Looks at you.
David S. Kong: That's what he, what he says.
Mike: She.
David S. Kong: defensive.
Tim Sackton: So…
David S. Kong: Do you have any advice?
Tim Sackton: What kind of looks at you… size?
Tim Sackton: You know, for her, Shamut was the boogeyman, right? Like, you know… the…
Tim Sackton: And in fact, many of her…
Tim Sackton: of her allies, the Hobgoblins who tried to… I mean, she was… she was not a good person, right? I mean, she was a warlord, right? She was a bandit, she was… wanted to…
Tim Sackton: have her own part of the reason she didn't like Shemat, which she established in the circular island, was precisely because she wanted
Tim Sackton: To have our own little personal…
Tim Sackton: Realm of banditry and, you know…
Tim Sackton: And Shamut was insisting that she work for a greater cause.
Tim Sackton: So her perspective is biased by that, right? I mean, she, you know, she's… she saw…
Tim Sackton: any higher, you know, she wanted to be the highest authority. She didn't want to be under anyone's thumb.
David S. Kong: Wait, but she also is now currently in the same cell as the other Hobgoblin, which she's been interrogating.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he is unconscious on the floor when you summon her to the mirror.
Mike: So here's an actual question for her.
Mike: How should we enhance or modify this plan?
Mike: To better set up you to come in and take over these people.
David S. Kong: Yeah, there you go.
Mike: Because what we really want is for her to become the leader, and lead them away, because that's our deal with her, is we'll let her out of… right? I mean, she agreed to this deal, didn't she?
David S. Kong: By the way, this feels like classic, like, CIA Osama bin Laden. This feels like just, like, completely that exact…
Eric R: Oh my god.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Think of it like we're setting up the next campaign.
Tim Sackton: There's no way this is gonna come back. Yeah, totally next campaign. The after-credits scenes are the Argata's prison.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Tim Sackton: Rivaka on some pirate ship somewhere in the Eastern Sea.
David S. Kong: Yeah, a million.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): No, it's… it's, like, Vaka's, like, face shifts, and we realize it was an illusion, and that was a gacha all along. Now we've released her, like…
Eric R: It's not perfect.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Hey, I have an… I have another thought for a thing to do. Tim, what's the biggest river crossing? Like, how wide is the widest river crossing?
Tim Sackton: So… the… probably the Orson, it's not a… it's not a big river. The… so, well…
Tim Sackton: Actually, the Massante is a wider…
Tim Sackton: river, that flows… but they're south of the Maisance, and they are not… they do not intend, as far as you can tell, to cross it.
Tim Sackton: So they would be crossing the arson somewhere. It's… the arson is…
Tim Sackton: So the Dora and this river to the south, runs through a lot of its, upper reaches through a gorge.
Tim Sackton: The road actually crosses on a bridge, a road bridge across this deep gorge. That's somewhat tricky to cross. The arson is not…
Tim Sackton: particularly a challenge to cross. This time of year… I mean, in the spring, it's difficult, right? Because it's mostly fed by snowmelt. There's not a lot of rain. And so, in…
Tim Sackton: May, the river's often very high, rushing, in August.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: there's multiple places where you could ford it, between the bridge at Orsonburg and the confluence with the Masats.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, that may mess with this then, but I'm looking at this illusory dragon spell, where…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): all of your enemies that can see it have a wisdom save or become frightened for a minute. Like, if we hit them in the middle of a river crossing, or at the edge of a cliff, and then there's, like, a damage component to it too. But, like, that could be…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Because it would affect everyone at once, right?
Tim Sackton: Well.
Mike: You have to ask questions.
Tim Sackton: The cloud also prevents them from seeing out.
Tim Sackton: As far as you know, when they're riding or in camp, they're just looking at a sort of gray, ashy nothingness.
Tim Sackton: Alright, sir. Or maybe it's a bit above them, and they can see each other, you don't really know.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Mike: But… you could… Move the illusion.
Mike: along the ash cloud, right? Like, in theory, you could move it inside the ash cloud.
Mike: You can move the illusion…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, like, depending how obscured it is, though, it gets slightly trickier, right?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Like, depending how far you can see from within the cloud.
Mike: Yes.
Mike: But it could flash a wall… I mean, it could be 5 feet from that, right?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: Although, does it…
Mike: But I don't think…
Mike: I don't think, actually, that helps, because the fright only happens when it first appears.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Mike: Right. I mean, it could blast them with cones of… cones of fire.
Mike: We could… it could, right? But.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): And food…
Eric R: prefers gravity.
Mike: That doesn't go up high enough.
Mike: I looked at reverse gravity.
Mike: Maybe a cross… river crossing would… maybe there would be ways to make it work.
Eric R: We wouldn't even just go high enough. Oh, cause…
Mike: It only reverses a 100-foot cylinder, it would just… They would still be…
Mike: the… the creature would, I think, be able to… it's 200 feet wide and 450 feet tall. How tall is it? How tall is it?
Tim Sackton: You don't actually know how… I mean…
Tim Sackton: not… it's not… I mean, it's pretty… it's like a… It's low to the ground.
Mike: Got it, okay.
Tim Sackton: And it's actually ha- you know, it has…
Tim Sackton: Like, spines that come off of it.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: And the… the army is, like, clinging to these spines that come off of it. So it's, like, actually, like, a solid body that's narrower than 200 feet, and it has, like.
Tim Sackton: attachment points where there's, like, multiple, like, platforms that extend off the side that stretch out, and, like, 3 to 5 deep hobgoblins stand on those platforms.
David S. Kong: hanging on, and then it doesn't… it probably doesn't go up more than 40 feet or something.
Mike: So you could probably reverse gravity, and it would send some section of them up, and then when it unreversed, they'd fall down. So you could splat some people that way, but it's a narrow…
Mike: It's a narrow… it's not like we could cause the whole… it's too small.
Mike: It's not big enough to cause the whole, the whole creature that,
Mike: Like, you can't just fling the whole creature up into the air.
Mike: Right. It's 2. It's 2.
Mike: And, like…
Mike: it's connected to… the creature is, like, here, right? If you reverse gravity in just some section, it's not like that's gonna go flying up, because it's held to the ground by the parts that aren't. So the people holding on would potentially go up, but also they're holding on, so…
Mike: I don't know, we could try it.
Mike: But you don't… Seeker doesn't know it, right?
Eric R: Right.
Eric R: That's another question.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: He has a scroll of reverse gravity. Dellwith has a scroll of reverse gravity.
Eric R: Hmm.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But that's actually not on either of our… can either of us actually…
Mike: Use the scroll, because it's not on either of our spell lists.
Tim Sackton: Well, everything's on Secret spell list.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh, okay.
Mike: So you could try the scroll.
Mike: I think I took it because it's on the sorcerer spell list, but I didn't realize you had to have the levels to cast something on your spell list.
Mike: You can't cast a spell that's on your spell list that's a.
Tim Sackton: I think… can't you make an ability?
Mike: Oh, you can, you can make, that's true, you can make an ability check.
Mike: I guess if I wanted to cast it, I cast Bloodness, I can't fail my ability check.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: But… but I think where we're missing the… we're missing the…
Mike: forest for the trees here a little bit. We have no mechanism to get within range of any spell and survive.
Mike: getting away. We haven't figured that part out yet, so we need to figure that out.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): What about teleport?
Mike: Well, our default answer is animal shapes to fly there.
Mike: Do something, teleport away.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Right?
David S. Kong: That's wrong, that sounds great.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, and for that matter, if we can animal shape, like, a hundred other people that we pack in at the same time, like, why don't a flock of us fly there?
Mike: We can't teleport.
Tim Sackton: You don't like to teleport 8 people back.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): They could fly back again.
Mike: They cut.
Mike: Right?
Mike: I mean, we were talking about, like, the flock of giant eagles or something. I mean, you could change them into different…
Mike: You could change… animal shapes is a magic option for anybody you can see, right?
Mike: It's not an action for each.
Eric R: Any number of moving creatures you could see within a 30-foot range.
Eric R: Beast of your choice. They can be different.
Mike: To transform the targets again. Yeah, fine.
Mike: So… so we could turn into a flock, and then we could turn… turn them into, like, you know…
Mike: some sort of beast with a ton of hit points. Turn some of them into a beast with a ton of hit points to defend us, and turn some of them into, like, giant eagles to just fly…
Mike: to harass.
Eric R: Somebody's gotta go in.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): But if it's a tsunami that we're hitting with, we're a mile away, right?
Mike: Yeah, the tsunami bit is not a big deal. We're a mile away.
David S. Kong: Nami.
Mike: Why don't we just start with the tsunami, right?
David S. Kong: We'll start with that one, and then we'll get a feel for their reaction, and learn a little bit more about how it'll go for day one, because we're going to do, like, five of these, right?
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Eric R: Okay, yeah, do it.
Eric R: So, oh, so I have to cast my wish.
Mike: You need to… you need to cast all of your high-level spells. We need your 7th, 8th, and 9th.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's gonna take all your spell slots.
Eric R: Wait, what?
Mike: 8th for animal shapes, so we can fly there.
Eric R: Oh, and then teleport.
Mike: 9 for tsunami, and then 7 for Teleport.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh my god.
David S. Kong: This is like that. This one, like the, like, we had a.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: What was it? When.
David S. Kong: Oh my god, why am I forgetting Kate's character's name?
Tim Sackton: Risen?
David S. Kong: Brisbane.
David S. Kong: Yeah, like, Rizmin saved the orcs, you're, like, single-handedly, like, destroying the hot goblins right now, so…
Eric R: I mean, it's… it's a single tsunami, we'll see what happens, but thank you.
Tim Sackton: Thank you for yourself.
David S. Kong: Today, load of confidence.
Tim Sackton: Do you have any other questions for, Revaca?
Mike: Well, did she answer our question?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. It was… I forget, because you started…
Mike: Yeah, the question was our plan… we're gonna explain our plan, right?
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Mike: Drop very powerful magic spells on them.
Mike: And we want to do this… we want to cause fear and uncertainty and dissent amongst the ranks, right? We want to use this as a sort of…
Mike: The Chaos Empress is not all she's cracked up to be.
David S. Kong: Exactly, exactly.
Mike: you should be afraid of her enemies. We're not actually here to hurt you, we're here because
Mike: you're the enemy, you know, you're working for the Chaos Empress, right?
David S. Kong: Yeah, exactly.
Mike: I want her to help.
Mike: Us put that into… Hobgoblin-ish terms that would actually be more effective. And…
Mike: We're looking for her help in anything we should drop.
Mike: That… Can become foreshadowing for her.
David S. Kong: This is totally gonna bite us in the ass later, but yeah, I think this is.
Mike: Oh, I know, we're setting her up to be in even worse chaos, of course.
David S. Kong: But the Chaos Empress is a false god. You know, she's a false god, you know, and, and yeah, and then whatever remix.
Tim Sackton: Yo!
David S. Kong: Hobgoblin.
Tim Sackton: So, so, she says…
Tim Sackton: you know, like, like she said before, she doesn't know the Iron Fang, she doesn't know this group, she doesn't know…
Tim Sackton: their circumstance, but… Strength in battle is what they respect.
Tim Sackton: Will not follow a leader who's been defeated.
Tim Sackton: And… that's how you describe… I mean, that's typical, like, in her experience, right? This is…
Tim Sackton: You know, the tales from her grandfather at the court of…
Tim Sackton: the Dominion of, Atavas and things like that, like, going back, right? I mean…
Tim Sackton: It's often a very, sort of, warlord-centric.
Tim Sackton: again, her experience, like, who knows if she's speaking for all Hobgoblins or not. This is just what she tells you.
David S. Kong: So here's a thought, question.
Tim Sackton: So, so prove she can't defend them. Prove she can't keep the army safe.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: And we could even… what if we… here's a plan…
Mike: We could show up and say that we are the enemies of the Empress of Chaos.
Mike: We are here to punish all those who follow her.
Mike: And we are daring her to face us in single combat.
Mike: Without her army, As a, you know…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: If she wants the punishment to stop, challenge us to single combat.
Mike: She's the Emperor of Chaos, she can take four of us.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: That's actually… so I… okay, I like this plan a little bit more than, like, potentially, like, propping up the, this other, you know, like, our captured Bobgoblin person.
David S. Kong: So, yeah, I think that's cool. I think, like, if the four of us, like, just, like, show up, and we're hovering, and we're like, hey, challenge us, or face more, so it's, like, clear that we're… the four of us are, like, the ones.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, no, I think we… I think we start with softening them up. We demonstrate our power to start, right?
David S. Kong: Yeah. With…
Mike: with… by softening them up with, you know, these spells. Do we have any… we don't…
Mike: We don't have any way of…
Mike: We don't actually have any way of… of, like, making big illusions, do we?
David S. Kong: No, we do, we totally do. Like, I was just gonna say, like, like, Tim, like, Kenzo's got some Cantropy stuff, right? So it's also, like,
David S. Kong: You know, astral projection plus, like, you know, big glowing aura, you know, shit like that.
Tim Sackton: I mean, those are not… Those are not, I would say, Huge.
David S. Kong: Yeah, big illusion.
Tim Sackton: That's not a huge illusion, right? That's, like, Kenzo changing your eyes to look different, or something like that.
David S. Kong: I mean…
Tim Sackton: I don't really have anybody who's… like, skilled at illusion.
Mike: Like, I was thinking we can't, like… but not even illusion so much as projection, right? Like, have ourselves appear…
Mike: 100 feet tall in the… as clearly as not… as a projection, 100 feet tall up in the air, and be like.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: we are challenging, but I don't think we have any way to do that.
Tim Sackton: No.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: I mean, the best we could do is, like, prestigitation to speak in a booming voice kind of thing, right?
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: okay, but let's, so, I think…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Wes?
Mike: Let's ask for some volunteers.
Mike: Right.
Mike: No, let's just do Tsunami, we don't need volunteers for tsunami, it's a mile away.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Not to you.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I mean, is there a reason not to just do both and hit him with…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: A hundred eagles and a tsunami?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well, it's not quite how effective 100 eagles are gonna be through the ash cloud.
Mike: It's risky for the Eagles, right? Because they have to dive down into the ash and try and pick people off.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Fair, fair, fair.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): They kill the stragglers that the tsunami washes off that don't.
Mike: I mean, I was more thinking, like, a flock of 100… a flock of 50 eagles and, like.
Mike: 15 elephants or rhinos or something standing around us is a lot of… I mean, 15 elephants is a lot of hit points that somebody has to get through to get to us, right? Yeah.
Mike: But I don't know if it really plays with our plan of… I wonder if we should just be more… just us, right? Like…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, as long as we can get out quick if things go bad, let's do it.
Mike: I actually think we should tsunami
Mike: here's what I would do. I would, today, just go there, cast a tsunami, get out. Cast it from a mile away, or… or, you know.
David S. Kong: Oh, no, but we need to be visible and, like, hovering and, like, you know, when.
Mike: Should we… should we… what if we did the tsunami first, visible and hovering, and then come back tomorrow and do, like, the not visible and hovering? The tsunami just out of nowhere. And then come back tomorrow and be like.
David S. Kong: No, no, no.
Mike: Now you think… you think visible.
David S. Kong: We need to take credit. Like, it can't just be… because then they'll just be like, oh, some random tsunami hit us. Like, we need to… they need to know that it was us, you know?
David S. Kong: This is part of our fear campaign.
Mike: Yeah, no, okay, sure, yeah, I think you're probably right. So how do we… how do we… how do we be visible?
David S. Kong: well, we can all fly, you know? Let's just… let's just literally… I mean, the only thing is, is there a way… like, what's… what's, like, the magic version of, like, a, like, a megaphone? That's actually all we need. We don't even need… like, the fact that we're flying is already kind of interesting.
Mike: Minor Illusion will do a Megaphone. I can cast Megaphone.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, our press… our.
Mike: Sorry, it's minor illusions.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo's thing.
Mike: Damatory.
Tim Sackton: Thaumaturgy.
Mike: There you go.
Tim Sackton: It makes your voice booming.
Mike: Minor Illusion is good for that, right? It's… it's…
David S. Kong: Great, great. But the point is, let's take credit. Let's fly over, take credit, and be like your, your, your, let's just say, like, the Chaos Empress is a false leader, if she, if she's, if she's truly who she says she is, she'd challenge us in, in, in combat.
Mike: But I think we should teleport away as soon as we say that. Of course. And come back the next day.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but challenge us, challenge us in combat. We can all… I don't know if you want to do this, this is another level of thing, it's like, we want to do it, like, with the Hobgoblin army washing.
David S. Kong: So, like, we, like, you know, it's like, like, we kill her, and then, you know, then they're like.
Mike: Yeah, no, I think… I think the idea would be something like that, right? But here's what we do, okay.
Mike: We should, animal shapes, fly over there.
Mike: then… appear.
Mike: We'll cast fly, and our flying stops so that we're flying, right?
Mike: then Seeker will… but visible, so we'll fly up until we're about 200 feet away, 300 feet away. Yeah. Right? Something like that. And then it's, like… but they'll see us… I mean, if we fly, they'll see us approaching, and that's the only thing.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Right? We won't be invisible.
David S. Kong: Spy.
Mike: Then, maybe when we're 500 feet away, we cast tsunami, right? Or 1,000 feet away, we cast tsunami. And then after the tsunami goes through, we do a booming voice to say.
Mike: That was punishment, you know, for following the false god.
Mike: you know, following the false leader, the Emperor of Chaos. We… we demand the Emperor of Chaos,
David S. Kong: He doesn't combat.
Mike: show her… we demand, you know, we demand the Emperor of Chaos, show her true colors by facing us in combat, you know, where we will defeat her. She is a false leader, and, you know, you are following a blah blah blah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, keep it.
Mike: And then, as soon as we say that.
David S. Kong: That's great.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: We execute that plan.
Mike: That stuff like that.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Do we want to attack?
David S. Kong: on its hotel.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Do we want to attack her in the process, too? Like, I can shoot her from 300 or 400 feet away.
David S. Kong: Yeah, why not?
Mike: Sure. If you have a shot, right?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah?
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… You turn into eagles.
Tim Sackton: I begin to fly.
Tim Sackton: Soaring… Through the morning.
Tim Sackton: It…
Tim Sackton: They're a little bit closer, so if it took you 7 hours before, we'll say it takes you about 6 hours.
Tim Sackton: To reach them. So it's mid-afternoon by the time you get there, say, 2 or 3 in the afternoon. And as you begin to approach, maybe from a couple miles away, you can see this
Tim Sackton: Lar- circle, maybe 600 feet… 700 feet, something like that.
Tim Sackton: Wide.
Tim Sackton: From end to end, and maybe not quite as wide, something maybe like 400 feet.
Tim Sackton: 450 feet wide, so like an oval, a sort of rough oval of just this…
Tim Sackton: Billowing ash, just sitting on the ground, like a camp.
Mike: I think we should wait till they're moving.
Mike: Or dusk, whichever comes first.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Mike: So I think we land.
Mike: A couple miles from camp.
Mike: Right?
Mike: And…
Mike: Wait.
Mike: I mean, somebody can go up as a bird every once in a while to keep an eye on them, right? Or stay up there.
Mike: But the plan is, we don't do anything. I could cast Closenary Terrain, so that we have…
Mike: A place to hide under.
Mike: Right?
Mike: And then, short rash.
Tim Sackton: I mean, if you're… if you're a mile or two away, you know, it's not gonna make…
Tim Sackton: You don't have to hide from them, by the way.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: trash, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you wait.
David S. Kong: Why don't we want to attack them while they're at camp?
Mike: It's too spread out, the tsunami won't get very many of them.
David S. Kong: Got it, yeah.
Mike: Plus, they can't.
David S. Kong: centipede.
Mike: And they can't see us until… I mean, because of the way the ash cloud is, they can't really see us.
Mike: Although, I guess it's unclear if they'll see… but who cares if they see us? We're gonna shout in a booming voice, right? Exactly. So they don't have to see us.
Mike: But… We want the tsunami to hit them while they're moving, I think.
David S. Kong: Yeah, totally, you're right. We want them concentrated on the side of the beach.
Mike: But I think if they don't start moving by dusk, we just hit them anyway.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Tim Sackton: So, you wait.
Tim Sackton: As the sun begins to sink in the sky, here, we'll do the… more.
Tim Sackton: Plagueland-y part of the image. Someone begins to sink in the sky, you know, August, sunsets.
Tim Sackton: 7.30, something like that, so… Couple hours pass.
Tim Sackton: As the sun gets low, Sort of an hour before sunset or something.
Tim Sackton: Whoever is… Storing up for that.
Tim Sackton: Moment Scout, sees… You know, signs of… Organization, signs of movement,
Tim Sackton: Mostly, you begin to hear this sort of…
Tim Sackton: Even from a mile away, you can hear the sort of…
Tim Sackton: Clacking, almost, like, booms of pieces of metal hitting each other of some kind.
Tim Sackton: And it seems like that it's hard to see much in the…
Tim Sackton: You know, obscured by the ash, but it seems like the…
Tim Sackton: Centipede, the creature is beginning to move.
Mike: Okay, let's.
Tim Sackton: And…
Mike: Keep watching it for a minute.
Tim Sackton: Half an hour later, again, some…
Tim Sackton: you know, maybe 30 minutes before sunset, sun low in the sky, but pre-dusk.
Tim Sackton: You see, again, the line stretching now 450 feet long. Right.
Tim Sackton: Beginning to sort of creep forward across this arid desert terrain.
Mike: So, I'm gonna cast Glypnis.
Mike: And then fly.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: and then… We will execute the plan.
Tim Sackton: So you begin to fly forward.
Mike: I mean, everybody's flying in some fashion.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Nice,
Mike: I mean, we're flying as a group.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: And I think we're us now, not… not… Dah…
Mike: Eagles, and what, when we're, like.
Mike: 600 feet away or 700 feet away, we cast tsunami, something like that.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'll go ahead a little bit to get within 400 feet.
David S. Kong: By the way, Kenzo's got that Raven's Whistle, but I don't need it anymore, because I can fly on my own with, Astral Plan. Does anybody want that? Does Seeker want that?
Eric R: It could be useful, right?
David S. Kong: Yeah, that way, that way,
David S. Kong: You don't, you don't… you fly past it on you anymore, you just fly it around.
Mike: Yeah, but… yeah.
Mike: it… or, I mean, Daleth could also…
Mike: use it, because then I don't have to concentrate.
Mike: If I don't have to concentrate, I fly.
Tim Sackton: The biggest downside is you can't cast spells with verbal components while you are blowing on the whistle.
Mike: Excellent.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): loud.
Mike: And it's loud.
Tim Sackton: It's loud, too.
Mike: Although smite isn't a spell, it doesn't have a verbal component.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, any spell that just has… that has… does not have a verbal… anything you have to do that doesn't have a verbal component, it doesn't matter. You just…
Tim Sackton: Can't catch that.
Mike: Yeah, absolutely.
Tim Sackton: components.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not… that's true, that's not… perfect.
Tim Sackton: But yes, keep that in mind. Penzo can fly naturally now, so…
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, about 700 feet away, you launched the tsunami. Where are you… where are you pointing it at?
Eric R: Oh, I… I don't have the description up.
Mike: I would put it.
Tim Sackton: It's 300 feet long.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): It should be one side of a right triangle such that the full length of the creature is the hypotenuse.
Mike: I… I would…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): That way it'll cross over the whole thing as quickly as possible.
Eric R: Right. But we have to lead it, because it's moving. They're both gonna be moving.
Mike: They're gonna be crossing each other like this.
Eric R: Yeah.
Mike: But I would actually aim… I would put it 10 feet past the front of the thing.
Mike: So that…
Mike: And I would actually just… I would not try and overthink it. I would put it… we're not trying to kill 100% of the hobgoblins.
Eric R: Right.
Mike: I mean, if you could hit 100% of them with the tsunami, they would probably all die, but I would put it, like, 10 feet past the start, just dead even on, right? So that it's 300 feet this way, and even if it turns or stops or moves, it's hard for it to… and 300 feet tall. I would make it the hardest to dodge, rather than trying to optimize the…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Interesting. Fair.
Mike: Because it's 50 feet thick, 300 feet wide, 300 feet tall, so I would put it…
Mike: Exactly at the start, so it's 50 feet in.
Mike: So it's already covering the first 50 feet when it appears, right? So it's not running into it, so that you at least get some people, even if it dodges out, or teleports, or does something crazy.
Eric R: This is a great spell.
Eric R: I wish I could cast it. Oh. I did.
Tim Sackton: It takes a minute to cast, so it's actually…
Mike: Not that useful.
Tim Sackton: Except in this circumstance.
Mike: It's not a good combat spell, because it takes a minute to cast. We probably want to start casting it when we're, like.
Mike: 2000.
Tim Sackton: No, but you're casting it with wish.
Mike: So it doesn't actually.
Tim Sackton: So it no longer takes a minute to cast. Seeker just says.
Tim Sackton: There should be a tsunami there.
Mike: Wish is so awesome!
Eric R: Oh, I should reset my character sheet, I probably can long rest.
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you should have long rested, and then mark off your 8th and 9th level slots.
Tim Sackton: So… This tsunami appears in the front of this creature, this massive wall of…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: of water.
Tim Sackton: We're gonna get some dice.
Tim Sackton: And it crashes down.
Tim Sackton: across the…
Tim Sackton: Not easy for you to see, although as it's… as this massive wave is crashing on the ash, you can see the water sort of turning to…
Tim Sackton: Turning to sludge, turning to…
Tim Sackton: The ash is falling out of the sky as the wave begins to crash through the…
Tim Sackton: you know, through the line of the army, hitting the first… so this thing is 450 feet long, so hitting the first 50 feet, so that's…
Tim Sackton: The first 1 9th of the Army.
Tim Sackton: And you hear, well, it's…
Tim Sackton: 700 feet away, right? So you're just kind of seeing this in the distance. Hard to make out details.
Tim Sackton: I'm just gonna roll a few D20s here.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the wave crashes 10 more feet, or 50 more feet, passing through. There's chaos around you. The…
Tim Sackton: The… one thing you do see is streaking straight up into the air, the flying,
Tim Sackton: Armor of the…
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Empress of Chaos.
Tim Sackton: Searching around.
Mike: I'm going… should we… should we,
Mike: Should we trigger the plan now?
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean, this is… this is, like, now round 2.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, so…
Tim Sackton: Got it, so everybody can… can do something.
Mike: I… I'm gonna cast… .
Eric R: I'm gonna cast…
Mike: concurrent with the tsunami being cast, I'm gonna cast
Mike: Can you have multiple minor illusions going at a time?
Mike: I don't know, it ends if you cast it again. Never mind. Yeah.
Mike: So I'll… but I'll cast my illusion just to prepare the booming voice, so I don't have to cast it when I want to do it.
Mike: Because it's not concentration in West Viral.
Tim Sackton: Right, right, right.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I'll take steady aim and shoot her.
Tim Sackton: Well, right now, she's, like, 700 feet away.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Wait, I'm ahead of the… I'm ahead.
Mike: Well, we went 300 feet. Oh, but be careful, because teleport, you have to be touching us to get out of here.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, I'm quick. I'll come back.
Mike: Yeah, okay, fair. Oh, or, yep, okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, hold on, let me just pull up her stat block, if you're gonna shoot her.
Eric R: Amazing.
Tim Sackton: Why is this so slow?
Tim Sackton: So Wabi's gonna shoot her.
Tim Sackton: Not running this in initiative, so what's everybody else doing this round? This is… this is round two, the way it's moving another 50 feet.
Eric R: I'm making a really big, like, sound with my mouth.
David S. Kong: I already saw… Right, Tim?
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
David S. Kong: I'll sole cite some of the generals.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: They're too far away, you're 700 feet away, you have to be within 60 or 90 feet, crystal's sake.
Eric R: Mmm.
David S. Kong: Well, I will spend… okay.
Mike: No, go ahead.
David S. Kong: Kenzel will spend the time to, lock in on her, her aura. You know, I'm within, obviously, 700 feet, you know, 30 miles.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Kenzo's gonna, like, do some, like, hardcore tuning so you can find her if he needs to.
David S. Kong: If she moves around, she teleports someplace, does some stuff, you know?
David S. Kong: Just lock in on her.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: I'll spend some ki on that, too.
Mike: How… How far away are we?
Mike: Where… She's, like, 700 feet away from us.
Tim Sackton: What?
Tim Sackton: Seeker cast a spell when you were 700 feet away, and Welby was…
Tim Sackton: some number of feet ahead. How far do you need to be away? 400 feet?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 400 feet.
Tim Sackton: So, well be 200 feet ahead.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: What's the… let me just look at the speed of fly… 60 feet?
Mike: 60 feet.
Mike: No, I'm not gonna… I'm just gonna… I think we're just gonna… Wait another turn.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: This, this, so as this round goes, Welby go ahead and make your attack.
Mike: Is she flying towards us yet?
Tim Sackton: Not yet.
Eric R: Hmm.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Oops,
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Great. The better of the two would be… 28 plus the bonus.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Plus 20, so it's…
Tim Sackton: That…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): That's a hit.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Hang on, I'm in the wrong, browser, it's gonna take me a minute to… Get this.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so what… while, you're calculating damage,
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): So, let me just make sure… so, 700 feet.
Tim Sackton: And then… 400 feet, and then zero, okay.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 43 is the total damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So… After Welby shoots.
Tim Sackton: She turns and she darts towards you, Welby.
Tim Sackton: moving incredibly fast in her armor.
Tim Sackton: And then… Darts.
Tim Sackton: Dashes again.
Tim Sackton: And then… Uses her move.
Tim Sackton: And… Ends her turn, Brandishing your spear next to you.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I used my reaction to move half my move away from her without provoking, which is 45 feet back towards them. Okay. Discovered a very large amount of distance. Wow.
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: It is very fast.
Mike: Okay, so… the Shinobi is still wrecking havoc down below?
Tim Sackton: A tsunami is wreaking havoc, you can't see what's happening.
Tim Sackton: At all.
Tim Sackton: The thing has stopped moving. There's a bunch of bangs and clings and screams.
Mike: We can't see… it's not causing the ash to fall out of the air.
Tim Sackton: So…
Mike: Like, behind the tsunami, is there any, like, bodies?
Tim Sackton: Yes. Oh, yes. Yeah, yeah, as the tsunami moves down the creature, yeah, the ash is falling out of the air, and in fact.
Tim Sackton: The ash… seems to have stopped, right, at this point. This is… this is the beginning of Round 3.
Tim Sackton: Well, we… Go ahead and roll initiative. Actually, we better all roll initiative here.
Eric R: Now that Robbie's in trouble.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I rolled, 20, so that's a 31 altogether.
Tim Sackton: Generally rolled a 30.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, shit.
Mike: We're all at 18, so it's a 20 altogether.
Eric R: Big Five over here.
Tim Sackton: Well, just assume everybody else is… it's well be her, everybody else. Your order does.
David S. Kong: Wait, wait, wait, no, no, no, no.
Tim Sackton: Oh, maybe…
David S. Kong: Because it could be.
Tim Sackton: That's true.
David S. Kong: Hold on, give me one second.
Tim Sackton: Kansas!
David S. Kong: Kenza's pretty up there. I can do it now.
David S. Kong: Kenzo's very up there, let me see. Hold on, just give me a second to roll up.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I can close… I can close the entire rest of the distance back to you all.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): If someone wants to teleport us out of here.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): This round.
Mike: We gotta get our… okay, so I might… I might get our speech off, and then…
David S. Kong: Let me give you the speech. Hold on, let me roll initiative really fast.
David S. Kong: Oh, so close to a natural 20. 25.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so that's still… that's still behind her.
Mike: But also, I mean, what's wrong with the… are we, like, terrified about engaging her for a round? Maybe we are.
David S. Kong: It wasn't really a plan.
David S. Kong: Let's give the speech and get out of here.
Tim Sackton: So, so, so Welby's off as the tsunami's still crashing through.
Tim Sackton: The ashes now… M… It's now eerily silent.
Tim Sackton: This is round 4.
Tim Sackton: So it's moved 150 feet. At the… this round, it'll move the next… it'll move 200 to 200 feet.
David S. Kong: By the way, after we teleport, Della, can you scry, just to see what's going on?
Mike: Yeah?
David S. Kong: Cool.
Tim Sackton: So, Wild V8 is… 45 feet away from her now.
Mike: What did I scry last time? Did I scry…
Tim Sackton: He's trying to strive her. He's trying her.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: she saw it, she caught it. We just want to scry the battlefield, just to see the results of the tsunami.
Mike: Right.
Mike: it takes 10 minutes to cast Sky, so…
Mike: I would end up with whatever… I couldn't… Whatever was here.
Tim Sackton: So, so what's Wellby doing?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): So I'm moving back to rejoin the rest of the group.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I'm… 200 and,
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): what, 255 feet away from them, and I have 270 feet of move if I use Dash and Cunning Action Dash.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): So I just… zip my way back to the rest of you all. But very quick, she is coming very, very quickly, it turns out.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… You zip back.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 200 and some odd feet.
Tim Sackton: She will… Move…
Tim Sackton: She, she will move… 150 feet towards you.
Tim Sackton: So… So now she's moved… So now she's moved a total of 600 feet, so she's 100 feet away.
Tim Sackton: And… She'll look at you.
Tim Sackton: And then she'll fly back.
Tim Sackton: And just wait about 150… about 300 feet away from you.
Mike: Okay?
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: So she's not doing anything, she just moved, and she's just…
Tim Sackton: Well, she moved and she dashed.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: Close enough to see who you were, and then move user action to dash the other direction.
David S. Kong: Now we can give our booming speech and then get out of here.
Eric R: Is that bad that we're now identified? Hmm.
Mike: No, we… I mean, eventually we want to be identified, right?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: I will give our booming speech.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: minor illusion lets it be pretty booming, so it's gonna… the goal is to echo across
Mike: you know, hundreds of feet, right? Like, super loudspeaker.
Mike: Right.
Mike: Do we have any way of… does anybody have anything of making… any way of making us bright?
David S. Kong: I mean…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Daylight?
Mike: Ow.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's good.
Mike: Yeah, it's good. Do I have a flash daylight?
Eric R: Do you have…
Mike: Does it take an action? Did you already use… you didn't use…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Did you use your action? I've used my actions, yeah.
David S. Kong: Kenza can do that.
Mike: Don't… doesn't Kenzo have a drift code, too?
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, totally. I'll do that.
Mike: Hash daylight, so we're brightly illuminated up here.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Ready? Yeah, okay.
Mike: And then I will give our speech about how we are here to punish.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: blah blah blah, what I said before, right? False god. False God, you know, and using all of Della's intimidation tricks and glibness and stuff to be, like, you know, way…
Mike: way more in tune with what a Hobgoblin,
Mike: would find compelling, you know, based on Ravenna's
Mike: Ravka's feedback as well, right? Right, yeah.
Mike: So, try and really make the speech good. From that perspective.
Mike: thousands.
David S. Kong: Probably gonna be 5 words. Blood. Wound. Orb.
Tim Sackton: As you're making the speech, the tsunami now crashes. It goes for 6… 6 strands total? Correct.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So, it's crashed now through its last segment, and you can see, even from this distance, now, all of these, like… so at the back of this creature has, like, these giant metal plates that were booming and crashing together, billowing out ash. They're now all tightly closed.
Mike: There's something inside that they don't want to get wet.
David S. Kong: No, they covered itself. They went…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Defensive, or…
David S. Kong: It's like protecting itself.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, something inside that doesn't want to get wet.
Tim Sackton: The density of the bodies… the first leg.
Tim Sackton: 150 feet is just dense bodies, and then it thins out dramatically.
Mike: It, like, it, like, pulled.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): big one.
Mike: into it. Yeah, they went to…
Eric R: Mmm…
David S. Kong: So the flux capacitor is.
Mike: Yep. I'll boom out our speech!
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: I mean, I don't know, maybe they're all inside and can't hear us.
David S. Kong: Whatever.
David S. Kong: Stick with the plan.
Eric R: Maybe a good time to try heat metal.
Eric R: Oh, no, I can't, though.
Mike: Too fire.
Tim Sackton: Too far, plus you still need Wish.
Eric R: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you should… go ahead, make a… I guess this is intimidation.
Tim Sackton: But you have glimness, right? So…
Mike: I have goodness, so I can't roll less than 15.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: But I rolled a 7. But I could… I mean, I could still try again. I mean, you might as well use my Heroic Inspiration to try again, right?
Tim Sackton: That's one thing.
Mike: I get…
David S. Kong: Good.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): for that matter, your bardic inspiration.
Mike: Does Bardic stack?
Eric R: So I rolled two crappy rolls.
Tim Sackton: Bardic doesn't add to glibness. If your Bardic plus your D20 is less than 15, it becomes a 15.
Tim Sackton: I, I assume.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it actually makes so, for sure, but I think that makes the most sense.
Mike: No, that does make sense, right?
Mike: And now, you can replace the number you roll with a 15.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so then you would add the bargain.
Mike: So I'm just gonna replace the number I roll with a 15. So instead of an 8, I'm replacing it with a 15, and then I'll roll Barnic.
Mike: So what's that, a D12?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Roll twice and take the higher.
Mike: 10 and 10.
Mike: So, that is 15 plus 22.
Mike: So, 37.
Mike: It's not bad.
Mike: plus 21. 36.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): No, that's not.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I don't think that makes a big difference. The…
Tim Sackton: The empress, who is listening to your speech, Kind of looks back, nervously at her army.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And you…
Tim Sackton: conceive.
Tim Sackton: A few… like, there's a few stragglers, maybe 20 or 30 that…
Tim Sackton: We're at the very end, where the tsunami didn't reach, who just jump off running.
Tim Sackton: In the opposite direction of the centipede.
Tim Sackton: But there's nobody else that you can see from where you are.
Mike: Let's teleport!
Mike: Time to get out of here before she comes after us!
Eric R: And…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Mike: Let's get out of here, yeah. Does she… does she do anything other than look back at her homie?
Tim Sackton: Nope. I mean, she doesn't, like, say anything, right? Yet. She does not say anything, no.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to read her expressions, because she's almost entirely.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: metal.
David S. Kong: Yep.
Mike: Alright.
Mike: Teleport seeker? Teleport Roll.
Eric R: Oh yeah, I gotta roll.
Mike: Yep.
Eric R: It says…
Tim Sackton: One assumes, if Seeker wishes to, Seeker could have picked up a pebble.
Mike: That's true.
Tim Sackton: Maybe, maybe you should roll, like, a D.
Tim Sackton: 10, to see if you teleport, you…
Tim Sackton: Use the right pebble to teleport back from your bag of pebbles.
Eric R: Good idea.
David S. Kong: Oh my god.
David S. Kong: Yeah, Seeger keeps them all in the same bag.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, of course they can win.
Mike: You can tell the difference between different stones, though. Seeker knows the stones well.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: It's hard to remember. Don't do the Drencor one, the Drencor Pebble, you know? I know they're…
Eric R: I know their names, but not where they were from, or, you know, they get mixed up.
David S. Kong: The colors, or what they feel like in your hands, yeah.
Eric R: I choose pedal number 3. That's clearly the right one.
Tim Sackton: Yes, that is, in fact, the right one. You rolled a 3.
Eric R: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: There's a 10% chance, if you rolled a 1, it would be the wrong purple.
David S. Kong: Hey, what Delwith wants to scribe, what are the rules for scribing? Is it specific people, or is it, like…
Mike: It's a person or a place.
David S. Kong: Could you, could you have, like, gotten eyes on one of the generals or whatever, so that, you know…
Mike: It can be somebody you know, it can't just be, like, somebody I saw from 50 feet away.
David S. Kong: What does no mean?
Mike: That's very vague.
Eric R: Deep question.
Tim Sackton: You basically have to be aware of them enough to be able to, like, conceptualize them as a…
Tim Sackton: You can't just describe a character, a type of person, like a general in…
David S. Kong: Oh, no, no, but I mean, like, during this whole… Oh, I guess we're too far to have looked at specific people.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you couldn't… 700 feet away is too far away to a dent… like, to actually see, like.
David S. Kong: So the only person we could actually scry is the sorceress.
Mike: But I could also scry a place. I could just scry where we were. I mean, I could scry…
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: I was staring at a place, right? I assume I can put the sky sense in.
Tim Sackton: Drive it there, yes.
Mike: But I can also short rest, I can cast it again, so, I mean…
Mike: there's no downside in just trying the place, and if there's nothing there, I'll try hers.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Tim Sackton: So you appear back at 3 wells.
Tim Sackton: Around sun… this is now around… it's around sunset, it's the evening. Yep.
Tim Sackton: And immediately Delwith pulls out his silver mirror, or bowl of water, I forget what it is, and begins to cast Scry.
Tim Sackton: Targeting the location where you just were.
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: A few minutes later, you see the image shimmering and appear. You can see the centipede.
Tim Sackton: moving. It's not moving fast enough that it's moved entirely out of the…
Mike: official.
Tim Sackton: Out of the visual by the time you finish casting the spell.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: it's…
Tim Sackton: still moving in this direction. There are… there's no ash.
Tim Sackton: It's in the clear, and there's no… visible Hobgoblins.
Tim Sackton: accept the… Empress, now riding at the head of the centipede.
David S. Kong: Is it all enclosed now?
Mike: Is it all close?
Tim Sackton: It's all, like, all the scales are, like, closed up. It's actually much narrower now, because these long spines that have… that stretched out, that formed the platforms the army was hanging on, have all, like, wrapped up
Tim Sackton: Like this, like, like, curling up over the top, like, just closing everything up tightly.
David S. Kong: other bodies.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, oh yeah, there's…
Tim Sackton: Maybe a thousand bodies?
David S. Kong: Wow. Hell yeah.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): What is that, like a quarter?
Mike: That's, like, a quarter of the army.
Tim Sackton: It's like a quarter of the army.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Wow.
David S. Kong: Go seeker!
David S. Kong: No wish.
Eric R: Easy.
David S. Kong: Wow. You just killed a thousand hobgoblins, that's pretty crazy.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): But we probably can't do that trick again then, huh?
Eric R: Well, that's an interesting question.
Eric R: What could they do?
Eric R: Well, it can stay inside of it.
Tim Sackton: They seem to be riding inside it, which has the downside of turning off the ash. They can't…
Tim Sackton: Spray ash if they're all wrapped up tight.
David S. Kong: Heat metal.
David S. Kong: Can you…
Eric R: It's worth… it's worth a try.
David S. Kong: Can you use your glove to heat metal, like, at scale to make it, like, extra, like, let's heat up the whole centipede, like, extra hot?
Eric R: What about all the…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): wall of fire to heat metal. I mean, to put a… put a wall of fire in the middle of the thing…
Eric R: I don't have that spell, but I could, you know, I wish it did.
Mike: cast a wish.
Eric R: Yeah, that's a great point.
David S. Kong: I love that.
Eric R: I'm just roasting.
Mike: I mean, wildfire sounds good, right?
David S. Kong: Can you make the wall, like, on the platform, so it's actually moving with the centipede, as opposed to, like, on the ground?
Eric R: I think it says… oh, it says, on a solid surface.
David S. Kong: Hell yeah! Just make it on the platform.
Eric R: It's not huge. I mean, it's huge, it's 60 feet long by 20 feet high, but…
David S. Kong: Can't you… can't you use your glove to make it bigger, or…
Eric R: It really extends only the distance away it can be.
Tim Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: You need to add something… you need to add a jewel to your, like, Ultron glove that, like, does the…
Eric R: It makes spills larger, yeah, definitely.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: You should research that in your next… Round.
Eric R: Yeah.
Eric R: No.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Returns to communing with the…
Tim Sackton: with the heart route, as the rest of you discuss the results of your days.
Tim Sackton: Excursion!
Tim Sackton: Fairly successful excursion.
David S. Kong: Hell yeah, we just killed a quarter of the army, that's, like, amazing. Great job.
Tim Sackton: And… Rest, I presume?
Mike: Yes. But tonight, I'm casting Dream on her.
Mike: In the scary mode.
Tim Sackton: So, in the past, you have…
Mike: That was weird.
Tim Sackton: her sleeping. You've tried this before, and you stayed up all night, and as far as you're aware, she never sleeps.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, nevermind.
David S. Kong: Why is she never sleeping? She's, like, she's not undead, right?
Mike: she… she, like, is in… she's like… she's like Terminator 2. Did Terminator 2 ever sleep?
David S. Kong: Is she actually a Hobgoblin?
David S. Kong: Like, what's her… she's, she's on.
Mike: That's a good question.
David S. Kong: She's like a humanoid, right?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: She's a Hobgoblin.
Tim Sackton: She is a Hobgoblin, she's obviously not just a straightforwardly normal Hobgoblin.
David S. Kong: But, like, yeah, but what about her aura is different? Is she… does she feel, like, part… you know, just in the soul side context, is she.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, no, I think I described this, right? Like, there's this,
Tim Sackton: Ripple of this sort of chaotic energy that's intertwined with her aura.
David S. Kong: So she's like a… she's like Venom from Spider-Man. She's like a… she's like a human, or like a… like a Hobgoblin, but then she's, like, part… she's got a parasitic relationship with, like, an alien…
David S. Kong: Evil alien metal. Chaos Metal, right? Actually, Tim, is the Chaos Metal itself
David S. Kong: a being, an entity? Like, do I send them… do I sense it.
Tim Sackton: No, no, you tried aura sensing the centipede, and it's a com… it's not a… it has no soul, it's just a construct, it's made of… it's like living chaos metal.
David S. Kong: Right, but it's not…
Tim Sackton: Yes, I mean, that's your… that's the vibe you get… you got from Aura sensing the Empress, is like, she's…
Tim Sackton: Bonded to this armor somehow, and it's infused with her aura, and…
David S. Kong: It's magic. It is magic.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's deeply magic.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Tim Sackton: Do you, Seeker does, like, some kind of… like, can you do, like, Arcana, like, on that? Like, what the hell is this thing? This is… Yeah, you try… I mean, you try. The Chaos Medal is nothing anybody's heard of, although I guess Seeker is quite, I mean, intra… like…
Tim Sackton: Maybe Seeker should… parasitically bond to.
Tim Sackton: Some chaos.
David S. Kong: Why are you suggesting things like this, Tim? Why are you… what's your… what is your agenda, Tim?
Eric R: Didn't mention it.
Mike: The third post-credits scene. Seeker.
David S. Kong: Yeah, no, no, no, no. Actually, actually, this would truly be the ultimate for Seeker to be the villain of the next campaign.
Tim Sackton: No, Caesar has to join the… isn't Seeger gonna join the Philosopher's Guild?
David S. Kong: I mean… I don't think that's powerful to be the archenemy of the next campaign.
David S. Kong: We talked about this, right? Where it's like, where it's like, you know, at some point, our character, like, shifts into being an NPC, and then, you know…
Eric R: Right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I mean, you all have, like, a month to figure out your characters.
Tim Sackton: epilogue.
Tim Sackton: It can be… Yvarak wants Seeker to become the villain, it's totally plausible.
Eric R: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Bye.
Mike: I don't know, seekers.
Tim Sackton: The one, like, the one, like, sort of flashed forward when you were going into Ornlos, and the elves were, like, judging your character.
Eric R: Totally.
Tim Sackton: was the one who was, like, you know, hanging out with a wife and kids in some mountain tower somewhere, and everybody else was, like, sort of scattered to the winds doing…
David S. Kong: Wow.
David S. Kong: See, my reading on Seeker is that Seeker somehow ends up in the Fae Wild, and, like, Seeker feels like a Fae, you know what I mean?
Mike: It feels like…
David S. Kong: Like a… it's got fey energy, you know?
David S. Kong: I don't know.
David S. Kong: We'll see how.
Eric R: Not wrong about that, that's interesting.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: you know… Earthquake is not a bad idea.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I've… I have another…
Eric R: Looking at that spell.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): of another B-shaped idea, which is giant lightning eels. Giant lightning eels have this lightning attack. They have to be underwater, but when the thing is going through the water, like, presumably the metal is conductive, so I don't know how you'd model that, like, in the rules, but if you have, like, 40 lightning eels all shot.
Tim Sackton: I'll just… let me just stop you and say,
Tim Sackton: I'm not sure that you should necessarily assume that Chaos Metal It's in fact, conductive.
Tim Sackton: Do you think… It might be.
Tim Sackton: Or it might reflect lightning back on the target.
David S. Kong: Well, Tim, we have insight on that, again, from, the, the Aura at the Sol site. What is she immune to again?
Tim Sackton: Yes, she was immune to… Fire, Necrotic, and poison.
David S. Kong: Damn. Wildfire's probably not gonna work then.
Tim Sackton: And resistance to cold and radiant.
David S. Kong: Not lightning.
Tim Sackton: But I'm thinking more resistant to lightning.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): the big construct thing itself, but then that also means, like, maybe Wall of Fire is not actually gonna heat the metal of the thing, like, it's not conductive, so…
David S. Kong: It's not. It's not.
Eric R: But, I mean…
Mike: Earthquake could cause it, you can make 1D6 fissures that are… 1D10 times 10 feet deep.
Mike: So… In theory.
Tim Sackton: But they're.
Eric R: Stand on the ground, though.
Tim Sackton: Why?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Shoot.
Mike: But you couldn't… Yes.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Does it have to cross… did you say it has to cross, like, through a canyon to get across a river at some point? No, it's avoiding that river. Yeah.
Eric R: Jeez.
Mike: But, I mean, it's not… Earthquake's not…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: If you rolled well, if you rolled a 6, and you got 6 fissures that were…
Mike: 100 feet deep and 10 feet wide. You could stock them to form a…
Eric R: A problematic space, but if you only got one fissure, it would be kind of useless.
Eric R: Hmm.
Eric R: Risky.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): How fast is it moving when it's moving?
Tim Sackton: It's not super fast, it's moving, like… like…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Not fast enough.
Tim Sackton: I have to do.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): If it hit a wall, it would… be a problem.
Tim Sackton: You saw it climb straight up a wall. And it's moving at, like, 3 miles an hour, like, you're not at a…
Tim Sackton: This isn't a fast thing.
Tim Sackton: Right? It's not moving any faster, really, than a reasonable walking pace for a soldier, possibly even a little slower.
Tim Sackton: It's just steady.
Mike: Great.
Tim Sackton: And they seem to be moving, like, 10 to 12 hours a day.
Tim Sackton: in the… sorry, at night, and then camping through the day. Although weather will change that behavior after.
Tim Sackton: Those events is unknown.
Mike: I mean, what we really need to do is see if they… if they… they must! I don't believe… they probably can't do this.
Mike: Forever, right?
Mike: Now we want to attack them on the ground, at camp.
Mike: So, I mean… Why don't we rest, and then… go back and…
Mike: just see if they… I mean, we could be birds again, and…
Mike: Stay away, and see what happens, and see if they… stop at all.
Mike: If they knew.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Never stop for a whole day.
Mike: then…
Mike: We've lost a day, but we already killed a quarter of the army, so that wasn't useless.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: You rest.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo… dreams of fruit.
Tim Sackton: and vines.
Tim Sackton: Laden with… Laden with grapes and…
Tim Sackton: Roots growing through the ground, and the taste of rich soil.
Tim Sackton: That is somehow earthy and sweet, and… Nourishing at the same time.
Tim Sackton: And you wake refreshed.
David S. Kong: Loving it.
Tim Sackton: to dawn on August 9th.
Tim Sackton: And proceed to continue with your harassment campaign of magical terrorism against the Hobgoblins.
David S. Kong: It's, magical freedom fighting, Tim.
Tim Sackton: Magical freedom fighting.
Tim Sackton: against Tomgoblins.
Tim Sackton: From the Hobgoblin's perspective, it's kind of terrorism.
David S. Kong: No, no, it's… yeah. Everything they do is terrorism. We can only do free-fighting things. Just remember that.
Eric R: brilliant.
Tim Sackton: Naturally.
Mike: They can turn around and go back to where they came from, and we'll stop fighting them.
David S. Kong: I did, exactly.
Mike: Right? I mean…
Tim Sackton: So you fly out as birds,
David S. Kong: Schwarzy looks so perplexed.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I'm looking for the right joke, even though it's too soon, to be like, well, maybe some problems only can't be solved through political violence. That's just so deeply inappropriate to say right now that I'm… I couldn't…
Mike: You were working on a version of that, that, you know…
David S. Kong: I like how you said it without really saying it, though, that was perfect.
Mike: That's good. You got it out without, you know…
Eric R: We needed that, yeah, thank you.
Tim Sackton: So… Two… two things that you notice as you approach.
Tim Sackton: some… some, you know, a few hours, so you, again, you would get there, again, a little bit closer, maybe 5 hours, now instead of 6. So, you know, from the morning.
Tim Sackton: say, 8am to 1PM, something like that. So it's the middle… still the middle of the day.
Tim Sackton: a couple things that you notice differently. Again, there, they're…
Tim Sackton: The camp, you know, they're spread out, there's a big ash cloud.
Tim Sackton: There are about… When he… Sort of silver metallic.
Tim Sackton: Hawks, giant hawks, maybe…
Tim Sackton: wingspan of 18, 20 feet, something like that. Flying in wide circles.
Tim Sackton: Each one with a Hobgoblin.
Tim Sackton: Of some kind, mounted on it.
Tim Sackton: Patrolling some, you know, some distance from some pretty wide distance. Like, it's a… maybe…
Tim Sackton: 600, you know, a circle about 600 feet in any direction. Some even a little bit further out, 800 feet in any direction from the
Tim Sackton: from the camp itself. Several of them begin turning and flying in your direction as you…
Tim Sackton: As the, you know, as they see eagles on the horizon, even from, Some… distance away.
Tim Sackton: You also can't…
Tim Sackton: the ash is, like, billowing out again, and you can't see much about the arrangement of the camp. But it seems to be a different shape.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: than before.
Tim Sackton: It's a… It's a smaller area, significantly smaller.
Tim Sackton: But a tight circle.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Is it cons… well, no, never mind.
Tim Sackton: So there's, say, 4 of these hawks racing towards you. You do not, at the moment, see the Empress.
Tim Sackton: You are currently in eagle form.
Tim Sackton: Say… 800 or 1,000 feet out.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): How fast are the hawks moving?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Roughly.
Tim Sackton: much slower than the Empress.
Tim Sackton: maybe… 80 feet around?
Mike: And there's a rider on each one.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Do the riders seem to be controlling them, or just, like, riding them for fun?
Tim Sackton: No, just rioting, I mean…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I mean…
Mike: Do we land?
Mike: retreat and land up.
Mike: a little while… a little ways away, and, I mean, they might follow us, but…
Mike: I think… I think we need to regroup and discuss our strategy, so I think we fly… I think we turn and we fly back.
Mike: A mile, or two.
Mike: And if these 4 guys follow us, we just kill them.
Eric R: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: They… you turn, they do not seem to follow you beyond… They don't seem to leave.
Tim Sackton: Beyond, like, maybe 800 feet from the camp.
Tim Sackton: So as you turn and leave, they don't follow.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): What about trying to put a scrying sensor, like, in the middle of the camp?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): To see what the configuration is.
Eric R: Work there, Lance.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Bye.
Mike: annoyance.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): They're better.
Tim Sackton: Brian, you couldn't.
Mike: You couldn't, really.
Tim Sackton: You put a sensor inside the ash cloud, because you have not seen inside the ash cloud.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could always try targeting the Empress again. You don't know where she is.
Mike: But Scrying also takes 10 minutes to cast, I don't think I want to take the time. Let's, let's Clairvoyance. So we're, like, let's land, like, a mile and a half away. Like, Clairvoyance is a mile range.
Eric R: Yeah, it also takes 10 minutes.
Tim Sackton: It also takes 10 minutes to cast.
Mike: Okay. I guess if… with you both.
Eric R: Sure.
Mike: Although, I could also cast Allucidary Terrain.
Mike: Which gives us a good base.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): You can see this out there.
Mike: Yeah.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Sure.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, hallucinatory turned conceal us.
Mike: Which also takes 10 minutes to cast.
Mike: Think.
Tim Sackton: Nobody comes to investigate while you're casting whatever you're casting.
Mike: Yeah, I'm gonna cast hallucinate.
Tim Sackton: Right, if you stay for, you know, an hour, somebody might, but…
Mike: Wow, I'm gonna make a nice hidden…
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: A nice hidden…
Mike: You know, blind of, you know, a couple rocks and some sand and whatever, so that it… we're hidden beneath it, right?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: And then Secret, I think, is casting Clairvoyance, targeting the middle of the camp.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric R: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So the… Clairvoyant sensor.
Eric R: appears.
Eric R: C…
Tim Sackton: Camp is… So it's… it's a… It's a tight circle.
Tim Sackton: It's a… it's a circle with a diameter of maybe… 100, 150 feet.
Tim Sackton: And so the… the army that remains is… is packed, It's fairly tightly in.
Tim Sackton: The centipede creature has, like, turned on its side, and there's… the spines have grown.
Tim Sackton: To form, like, a lattice.
Tim Sackton: On top of the… On top of the camp. Forming, like, a…
Tim Sackton: Dense weave of these sort of metallic
Tim Sackton: You know, sort of shimmering,
Tim Sackton: it's like a… it's like a basket, basically. Like, it's…
Mike: Is it, like…
Tim Sackton: Underneath a basket.
Mike: Is it, like… it's like a basket… I mean, it's not, like, thick weaves that you could see through if you were on the top, right? Is it tight?
Tim Sackton: No, no, no, no, it's… yeah, I mean… You can see…
Tim Sackton: No, there's not, like, there's, like, maybe dappled light passing through, right? Like, it's not completely opaque to…
Mike: More weather.
Tim Sackton: Dark underneath.
Mike: Is it enough?
Mike: Of a gap that you could cast a spell through there.
Tim Sackton: possibly, you know absolutely nothing about the properties of Chaos medal.
Tim Sackton: And… If it were made of…
Tim Sackton: If it were made of a mundane material, you'd be relatively confident you could cast a spell.
Tim Sackton: It might… it might take a little… It is not airtight, right?
Tim Sackton: I guess it would provide at least 3 quarters cover.
Mike: But, like, a lot of spells are, like, a point within range that you don't have to see.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Sooner.
Mike: There's a point within range. Yeah, or, or, Sunburst, which is a 60-foot radius sphere, so it would be…
Mike: Half of these people.
Mike: Is a point within range.
Mike: Right? Now, whether it is,
Mike: if there's some anti-magic property of the Chaos Metal, it might not work.
Mike: But… If Secret could quite double the range, it's 300-foot range.
Eric R: Right.
Mike: We could try it.
Eric R: So we sneak up a little closer.
Eric R: Is that what you're saying?
Mike: Or double the range twice, get 600 feet.
Eric R: Right.
Mike: You could sneak up that much closer.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): What's… I wonder if this is a good situation, though, for Earthquake.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Because the target is the ground, not the…
Mike: Damn.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Like, not the space… You're not trying to cast through.
Mike: I mean, yeah, I like that, I like that. And also…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Munched in, so fissures are gonna be more effective.
Mike: And…
Mike: I mean, Earthquake doesn't actually do any damage.
Mike: And it wouldn't directly damage anybody.
Mike: Unless it caused this Chaos Metal structure to collapse.
Mike: Right? Or a shift or move in some fashion.
Mike: that might give us an opening for another spell, but we don't really have any other very effective spells, because we'd be stuck… well, I don't know, does Del… does…
Mike: I mean… We could always cast, like, perfectly normal spells, like… Seconding Radiance or something like that.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: The range is the problem.
Mike: Yeah, I could double it. I could double it with Metamagic to… 240 feet.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Great.
Tim Sackton: are 20… Hobgoblins on hawks circling.
Mike: Yes. I'm aware.
Mike: I mean, we'd have to… we'd have to take a little risk and have some twi- have, I mean, have some of the Hobgoblins come towards us and stuff like that.
Mike: What's the range of earthquake?
Tim Sackton: 100 feet.
Mike: So you could… Seeker could double that to 1,000 feet.
Eric R: I can only double 3 times. Oh, oh.
Eric R: 500, yeah, yeah, so I can double it once.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: I mean, if you could double it.
Mike: Twice would be 2,000… we could get… you could almost get a mile if you double it 3 times.
Eric R: Yeah.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: Right. The more you double, the higher the risk that something goes wrong.
Mike: Yeah, yeah. But, but hold on, so…
Tim Sackton: I like Earthlink. Nothing's ever gone wrong when Seeker's done anything, so…
Mike: I like Earthquake from a terrorizing standpoint, though.
Mike: Right?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Falling in fissure, I mean, depending on the depth of the fissure.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Heritage.
Mike: You take some damage if you fall into fissures. If… the other thing is, if the structure shakes or collapses or partially breaks, it may make it easier to send another spell in.
Mike: Right?
Mike: So… Potentially, we turn invisible, Right? We sneak up to 250 feet away, Because it's…
Mike: I mean, it's a dense area, right? So…
Mike: There's no… wait, you said there was ash billowing out?
Tim Sackton: No, yeah, sorry, there's ash that is not covering a big area. It's just… just covering, like, the top of this basket-like structure.
Mike: Right, okay.
Mike: So, in theory, we could walk up
Mike: we could be 250 feet away from the basket structure, and we wouldn't be in ash, and we'd still be looking at it, right?
Tim Sackton: ash. Correct.
Mike: We just…
Tim Sackton: Debbie.
Mike: It'd be 20… Tobgoblins, potentially. But we would be invisible, so…
Mike: Conceptually, maybe they wouldn't see us.
Mike: And it's an aerial patrol, right? So, I mean, they're presumably flying relative… they're not, like, flying 10 feet above the ground, right?
Tim Sackton: No, no, they're, like, 50 feet above the ground.
Mike: So… Things like noise are harder to notice, right?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And…
Mike: If she comes out, I mean, you know what?
Mike: Maybe we hang out here? Like, does it look like they've been camped for a long time?
Mike: Dude, we can't attack.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to… I mean, you can't really…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hell, but like…
Tim Sackton: A bunch of them are sleeping. I mean, there's… the clairvoyant sensor is inside, right? It's inside this basket. The… the shell of the creature is, like, forming the… like, the egg.
Mike: Yeah, of course.
Tim Sackton: more of this.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: This structure, and there's a bunch of people that are just kind of, you know… Right.
Tim Sackton: Sleeping, actually, like.
Tim Sackton: it's almost like there's, like, there's bunks that have grown… I mean, not comfortable bunks, but just, like, slabs of metal. So there's, like, multiples backed inside the sort of torus.
Tim Sackton: Of the… of the creature.
Mike: Can we switch it to sound, and, like, can we… This isn't soundproof, is it?
Tim Sackton: No, it's not soundproof.
Mike: So yeah, I think we… I think we go…
Mike: I actually think we're probably better off just triggering the earthquake.
Mike: And then getting out of fear.
Eric R: Yes.
Mike: phrase.
David S. Kong: No speech?
Mike: I'll bet.
Mike: No, no, no, with another speech.
David S. Kong: Oh yeah, okay, good.
Mike: Get within 500 feet, right, turn invisible.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Sneak within 500 feet.
Mike: Do another flashy visibility thing. Trigger the earthquake.
Mike: And then… you know…
David S. Kong: Get the popcorn, watch the scry, see what happens.
Mike: Cast the earthquake again, get out of here.
Mike: And then, we gotta be more specific, like, we demand that the Empress of Chaos, you know, meet us tomorrow, I mean…
David S. Kong: Yeah, right? Yeah.
Mike: demand the Emperor of Chaos meet us.
Mike: you know, tomorrow, at noon.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: you know…
Mike: 500 feet from her nearest alley.
David S. Kong: IV-1.
Mike: 500 feet from the nearest hopgoblin.
Mike: Right? And we will fight her in single combat.
Mike: And if she is so… Weak and desperate as to call her army in.
Mike: Right? We will continue to reign punishment, we will… we will vanish and rain punishment down upon them until she…
Mike: You know, until we defeat… blah blah blah, something like that, right?
Tim Sackton: She likes it.
Mike: Toshi.
David S. Kong: She has her minimal… courage to…
Mike: But, I mean, are we prepared to just, like, fight her tomorrow?
David S. Kong: Hell yeah.
Mike: Great, so let's do it, why not?
David S. Kong: more on one? I mean… We're not really challenging her to single combat, it's more four-on-one, but…
Mike: It is 4-on-1!
Eric R: Correct! Yes, yes.
David S. Kong: But she should be able to take us, come on.
Mike: Yeah. Let's do it!
David S. Kong: Great.
David S. Kong: Great plan.
David S. Kong: Tim, we execute our plan flawlessly.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Victory is ours.
Tim Sackton: I don't… so you're doubling the… you're doubling the earthquake, or no?
Mike: No, I think we have to be, like, 500 feet away in order to… for the booming voice to have any effect.
Mike: 500 feet's probably reasonable for an illusion-booming voice. 1,000 feet seems a little far, don't you think? Right. I don't know, what… how far does a voice carry in the desert?
Mike: Let's ask ChatGPT.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… We don't need you to think about this.
Tim Sackton: Maybe a thousand feet, ChatGPT says.
Mike: Okay, well, if we think 1,000 feet.
Mike: If we think 1,000 feet would work, then I'm okay. I think we should just… we should do it at 1,000 feet. We should double it once and do it at 1,000 feet.
Mike: Again, I think we should trigger daylight, and like…
Mike: Be very visible when we do this.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Let's do it.
Mike: Let's do it!
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you're, you don't have to roll to only do one double, right, Eric? I believe it's only if you do more than one that you have to roll.
Eric R: Seems correct.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, and where are you putting… you're putting the earthquake… Pointed on the ground.
Tim Sackton: It's a 100 foot radius.
Mike: So you could try and put it right in the center of the thing that also has a 100-foot radius. That's what I would do.
Tim Sackton: Or you could put it, like, outside, so it… it doesn't have to, like, pass through the…
Eric R: In the center, I think, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. And it doesn't require… oh, no, it's a point on the ground you can see.
Eric R: Whoa.
Tim Sackton: So you can't put it inside the structure.
Tim Sackton: You'd have to put it on the edge.
Eric R: Yeah.
Eric R: Weird.
Eric R: Oh, but I'm not currently…
Mike: Yeah, clairvoyance is concentration, so you can't do both.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So that means it'll cover half
Tim Sackton: They'll cut… the fissures will cover half of the…
Tim Sackton: Interior area, which also has a 100-foot radius.
Tim Sackton: So you'd have to put it just outside, and it'll… it can still extend.
Tim Sackton: But you can't put it right in the center.
Eric R: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So, the earthquake begins to shake the ground. Go ahead and roll… A D6?
Eric R: Oh, boy.
Eric R: Nice fishers.
Mike: Buy fishes, nice.
Eric R: Awesome.
Eric R: And then… We choose the Fisher's locations, which can't be under structures.
Eric R: Each is 1d10 by 10 feet deep.
Eric R: Ugh, so I roll… 60-10?
Eric R: Or won.
Tim Sackton: Just rolled… you rolled 5 figures, right? So…
Mike: Oh, 5 to 10, right?
Eric R: to 10.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, 5D10.
Tim Sackton: So, one of them is 100 foot deep.
Tim Sackton: That fall will kill people.
Tim Sackton: The rest of them are not likely to… oh, 40 feet might?
Mike: But that's okay, part of the point is just to be scared.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Mike: But yeah, only one of them is likely to be super deadly.
Tim Sackton: So, 100 feet, the deep fissure is definitely gonna kill anybody who falls into it.
Tim Sackton: the… the…
Tim Sackton: 10, 20, and 30 feet probably won't kill anybody who falls into them. The 40 feet one might kill about half the people who fall into it.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I will… The psychological warfare is still strong.
Eric R: Yeah. Yeah.
Mike: I mean, everybody in the radius
Mike: Has to make deck saves as they fall down, right?
Tim Sackton: They fall down, yeah, yeah, right? I mean, the ground is shaking and rumbling.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Daweth repeats his…
Mike: Yeah, but with the added show up at noon.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Right? If you, if you dare, you know, weakling…
Mike: Emperor of Chaos, right, who hides behind her army and does not, you know.
Mike: blah blah. And a little bit of, you know, the same message of, you know, run away from your emperor weaklings, you know, she is not worthy of you.
Mike: Right?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: blah blah blah. The beatings will continue until we kill you all, or you betray her and send her out to us instead of a combat.
Eric R: Right.
Mike: And then we teleport away.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Mike: This time, Delwith carefully marked the right rock with a little star, and watches over Seeker's shoulder.
Eric R: Yeah, seek.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Seeker 100% does not look at it, though. Like, he's doing it by touch. He's like, oh, this feels like a…
Eric R: Guys, I know, I know my rocks.
Mike: I know, I know. But last time, you, like, had two, and you were really not sure which the right one was, so, like, you know, let's…
Eric R: I'm just trying to help. I mean…
Eric R: If… if I get the wrong one, we'll end up somewhere good, because they're all rocks from good places, so…
Eric R: What's the problem anyway?
Mike: True.
David S. Kong: Isn't there one, like, directly from the Plaguands? Like, right in the middle of, like, the…
David S. Kong: You probably… There you go.
Mike: There's… There's a theme from Baby.
Tim Sackton: Who knows where Secret Collective rocks from?
Mike: Well, they're good.
Mike: Like, anywhere we've been.
Tim Sackton: Theoretically, it could be anywhere that you've been in this entire campaign.
Eric R: I have so many good rocks.
Mike: We really appreciate all your work.
Tim Sackton: Actually, only in the last 6 months, because…
Tim Sackton: things from… you can't… you have to collect a new thing every 6 months until it works somewhere.
Tim Sackton: So we tell… So you teleport back.
Mike: Same deal, I'm gonna cast Scry…
Mike: I'm gonna wait a few minutes, actually. Like, let's wait a little bit and cast Scry, because I want to see if they break, like, because I can't scry inside the structure, because I didn't see it inside the structure.
Mike: So maybe, like, wait half an hour, and then cast Gray?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So, about… Enroll.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay, so about half an hour.
Tim Sackton: Later, you actually… when you cast Scry, again, just at this location, right? Yep. What you see is…
Tim Sackton: The… the, like…
Tim Sackton: The basket, this, like, weave structure is just, like, flowing, almost like melting snow, down off of the sides, and…
Tim Sackton: The thing is beginning to stretch out again, and,
Tim Sackton: There's a bunch of hobgoblins milling around, mustering, and you can see, the Empress of Chaos is…
Tim Sackton: Floating about 60, 70 feet.
Tim Sackton: Ahead. And she seems to be in the middle of a speech of her own.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: pick.
Tim Sackton: up, sort of, halfway through, saying, Can't stop us.
Tim Sackton: Our mission is righteous.
Tim Sackton: These… Pathetic fools who think to disrupt us.
Tim Sackton: Do not know what is coming for them.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: what I have promised you. You've seen what I've shown you. You know what's waiting for us.
Tim Sackton: We will march, night and day.
Tim Sackton: My magic. Our magic. Limbo will keep us safe.
Tim Sackton: In this march. I promise you that.
Tim Sackton: And when we arrive, you will have vengeance.
Tim Sackton: You will see.
Tim Sackton: These.
Tim Sackton: Foolish creatures who think they can call upon the power of the gods?
Tim Sackton: The gods do not scare us.
Tim Sackton: Chaos existed before any god came out of its primordial power.
Tim Sackton: Chaos is stronger than any magic they can bring to bear. Do not fear these things.
Tim Sackton: Vengeance.
Tim Sackton: will be yours.
Tim Sackton: Promise you that.
Tim Sackton: There's, like… You know, about half the army is, like, sort of… Totally sold by this.
Tim Sackton: About half the army is kinda…
Tim Sackton: sure, lady. But nobody's willing to, like… the only people… nobody's, like, actively disagreeing, right? It's just, you can see from the…
Tim Sackton: you know, the… the scrying, like, it's just… it's not full-throated cheers across the entire arm.
David S. Kong: Our tactics are working. This is awesome.
David S. Kong: We're sowing seeds of dissension.
Mike: Absolutely.
David S. Kong: Hell yeah.
Mike: Alright.
Tim Sackton: The structure seems to be reassembling, and it's only, like, 1.30 in the afternoon, so this is clearly not…
Tim Sackton: Standard.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: a behavior.
Mike: She might mean it about go day and night.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: In the sense that…
Mike: Clearly the way to be the safest that they could be.
Mike: Is to just stay inside the structure and barely ever stop.
Mike: It must be rough for her troops, but…
David S. Kong: Can't be good for morale.
Mike: Nope.
Tim Sackton: So…
Mike: We have to show up tomorrow to, like…
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah. See if…
Mike: She shows up for single combat or not, right?
David S. Kong: Of course.
Mike: Do we bring some people with us? Like, do we bring a group of animal-shaped people in case there's, like…
Mike: Do we want witnesses?
David S. Kong: What do you mean, witnesses?
Mike: Sorry, not really witnesses, but more like…
Mike: You know, 50 volunteers shaped as eagles to go
Mike: you know, fight off the Hawk guards that are shaped as rhinoceroses to, like.
Mike: form a circle around us so that in combat, the hobgoblins can't rush us, and something like that, right? Or is it… I mean, I bet you we could get volunteers.
David S. Kong: Well, I doubt… I doubt the Hobgoblins are gonna be super happy allowing us to, like, encircle their leader, like, in a…
David S. Kong: part of, like, 50 elephants surrounding them. Trust us, it'll be fine.
Mike: I mean, our goal is to kill her, so it's not really gonna be fine, right?
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, so… but let's… but we, I mean, you know, we should honor the fair combat, so…
Mike: No, yeah, that's true.
David S. Kong: But I agree, if she doesn't come to fight us, though, we need to unleash something on her, on the army. So…
Mike: I mean, I'm trying to think of what else we could do to get inside the…
Mike: There's not a lot. If they're just traveling inside the structure, there's not… a lot.
Mike: That we have, that would…
David S. Kong: It didn't… I mean, we said though, right, like, because essentially, it's made out of chaos metal, right, the centipede is, right? Same stuff that she's made out of.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: So, lightning would work.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Or what about, like, Radiant damage? I feel like radiant… stuff. Tends to… get through…
Tim Sackton: She is resistant to radiant damage. She is resistant to radiant and cold, immune to fire, necrotic, and poison.
David S. Kong: So what is she… what is she not… Resistant or mean to.
Tim Sackton: So, like, thunder… Lightning… acid.
David S. Kong: or lightning acid, what else do we have to work… is that… are those the main things that we have to work with?
Tim Sackton: I mean, just normal, like, bludgeoning, slashing, piercing, like, that sort of stuff.
David S. Kong: So, we must have other stuff.
David S. Kong: What?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, what a… psychic? Psychic damage?
David S. Kong: What is it?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Here.
Mike: I mean, the problem is that it's hard to impact them, because they're all… Tucked inside this… place, right?
Eric R: Hmm.
Mike: So if they're just traveling, and they never stop, than…
Mike: It's not obvious to me what we do to hurt them.
Eric R: We slingshot Seeker 4 over top of it, and while in the air, he casts the heat metal.
David S. Kong: Heat metal's not gonna… I mean, we could try heat metal, right?
David S. Kong: They're… it's resistant. They're resistant to me.
Mike: But it's probably… we're pretty sure it's not gonna work.
Tim Sackton: He's immune to fire damage.
Mike: So we assumed…
Tim Sackton: correlates with chaos metal properties. It's very unlikely fire is gonna heat.
David S. Kong: We just said, we just said thunder, Lightning, Acid, Psychic, Regular, Bludgeon Piercing.
David S. Kong: That's what we got to work with.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): What about… what about attacking the…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): the construct thing itself. Like, if we had a herd of a hundred giant walruses, like, smashing into, like, bludgeoning the side of it.
David S. Kong: Yeah, exactly, exactly. I'm with that.
Eric R: Hmm…
Mike: I mean, it's not a crazy idea.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): So what about something just like…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Trying to damage that thing itself, like a bunch of catapults, or dropping rocks. When does Vinder Sharna get here?
Tim Sackton: 2 days.
Eric R: We're definitely gonna drop rocks.
Eric R: So, what's the story with Lightning? Could I do… Anything with my… Wish ability.
Mike: Any waging effects?
Eric R: That's the nastiest lightning spell.
Mike: Good question.
Eric R: Let's see…
Tim Sackton: I mean… Don't forget, you can… Change.
Tim Sackton: Spells with your glove.
Mike: And…
Eric R: Alright, I didn't think of that.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Paul Lightning…
Eric R: still.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): gives… 100 rounds of 3D10 lightning bolts?
Tim Sackton: 10… 10 rounds.
Tim Sackton: It's 10 minutes. Right.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 10 minutes.
Tim Sackton: Okay. But it's a fixed area, you can't move it.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's true. 60 foot radius.
Eric R: Wait, so I can… No, miss.
Tim Sackton: You can… Convert any spell to acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder.
Eric R: So can I make… Could be like an acid tsunami.
Eric R: So just, what's the biggest area of effect?
Eric R: Of a damage spell that we could get inside the thing.
Mike: It's just, I don't know how we get any spells inside the thing, right?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Do we know that it protects from magic, or are we just…
Tim Sackton: Yes. Well, it's total cover, right? So you can't target… you can't place a spell inside the compartment.
Tim Sackton: Because it's… it's within total cover. Now, whether something can damage the creature is a different question. You presume that fire and…
Tim Sackton: Cold and radiant and necrotic, and poison can't damage the creature, but… Would acid damage… actually damage the…
Tim Sackton: centipede, like, the Mecha Centipede itself?
Tim Sackton: Like, that's an open question. You don't have an answer one way or another.
Tim Sackton: But you can't… there's no way you can target a spell inside the…
Tim Sackton: inside this thing itself, because it has… it's total cover. You can't target anything that has total cover for it.
Eric R: So if we put a wall of fire that we flavor as wall of acid, Cutting through.
Eric R: obstruction.
Eric R: Does it penetrate it?
Tim Sackton: No, I mean…
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could… you can't… I don't think you can put,
Tim Sackton: Well, yeah, you could, but it would not…
Tim Sackton: The spell wouldn't appear inside the…
Eric R: Right.
Tim Sackton: Right, it's like, you know, you can't make part of a wall of fire appear inside somebody's intestines.
Eric R: That's oddly specific, Tim.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's exactly the same, right? It's…
Tim Sackton: If something… if you swallow something, it has total cover to everything.
Eric R: Right.
Tim Sackton: A person's intestines wouldn't be very relevant, but, like, you know, an ice worm's intestines, which…
Tim Sackton: At least one of you.
Tim Sackton: Was it, you know, spent time in.
Eric R: Brisbane, actually?
Tim Sackton: I think it was Riswin, actually.
Tim Sackton: So, it's, like, mid-afternoon right now.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Wait a minute, wait a minute, though. If the tsunami is 300 feet tall, like…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, like, I guess I, like, I'm getting caught up on the… and tell me if I should just drop it, like, I'm getting caught up on the total cover thing, like…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 300 feet long, 300 feet high, 50 feet thick.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): like… Just because we can't see… Like, one particular…
Mike: No, but they're… we already.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Eat the rest of it.
Tim Sackton: They already protected themselves from a tsunami by climbing inside It… it's like… Y-you know.
Tim Sackton: If you were in a…
Mike: They're in a tank.
Tim Sackton: You're in a tank, and a tsunami washes past the tank.
Tim Sackton: The tsunami washes past the tank.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, I understand, but I'm thinking of, like, when they were in camp, like in the attack yesterday.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes. Theoretically, maybe you could have tried Tsunami instead of Earthquake yesterday.
Mike: Yes, yes.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Start iron.
Eric R: Cool.
Mike: We were just trying to not repeat our tricks. Maybe that was a mistake.
Mike: Right.
Mike: But…
Mike: But I think, I mean, the challenge is, if we think that her speech was basically to say, we are traveling without stopping now.
Eric R: Right?
Mike: then it becomes a little bit tricky to understand. Like, it's gonna be, I think, quite difficult.
Mike: To impact them with spells.
Mike: inside the creature, because there are basically no spells that you can… In general, in D&D, it's not possible to cast a spell into a space that you can't…
Mike: get to.
Eric R: Right.
Mike: Like, you can't… just even inside a closed room, if you're in a closed room, you can't cast spells on the other side of the…
Tim Sackton: Right, there are some… I mean, clairvoyance is an exception, for example, but…
Mike: separate.
Tim Sackton: Generally speaking, that's true.
Mike: So, it becomes difficult. I mean, I think… I think we rest, right?
Mike: Right?
Mike: I mean, I don't know what else we do other than…
Mike: Go back tomorrow and see if she comes out to challenge us.
Mike: Right? And if she doesn't… It's just a little bit unclear to me what we…
Mike: What we can do to… I mean…
Eric R: Nice.
Eric R: I wonder if we can shear off some of the spikes.
Eric R: You know what I mean?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So they couldn't…
Eric R: Make their rift.
Eric R: While at rest.
Mike: I mean, if we can catch them resting, right, we can do all kinds of stuff.
Mike: I feel like if we don't catch them… resting?
Mike: It's not…
Mike: We could try… we could try reversing gravity.
Eric R: What about the time when they're setting up their camp?
Eric R: Like, they'll have to get out.
Eric R: And be vulnerable, briefly.
Mike: Right, I just… don't know if they're going to set up a camp.
Eric R: Oh, right, right, right, they may not.
Mike: That's kind of the problem. They might decide to not set up a camp at all.
Mike: I mean, something like Reverse Gravity, if you go into the spell's area of effect, you're not immune to it, even though you're inside.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: Right?
Mike: I just don't know how much good it would do.
Tim Sackton: Well, make a decision about what you want to do.
Eric R: Delete, so we don't have any effective attacks while they're inside the thing.
Eric R: I could…
Eric R: We're gonna go, anyway.
Eric R: I could clairvoyance inside the thing to see what it looks like in there, at least.
Mike: Yeah?
David S. Kong: That's a great idea.
David S. Kong: I mean, this would be kinda crazy. We could also just teleport inside there and just start fighting all the troops.
Mike: I mean, I was…
Tim Sackton: I've seen the inside, so it would be… Risky.
Mike: No, no, no, no, we could, we could.
Tim Sackton: Oh, and you clairvoyance inside. Still written, if you've seen it once.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, secret can't fail.
Tim Sackton: But also, also true. Do you actually think that you could survive combat against, now… 3,000 hobgoblins?
David S. Kong: But inside there. It's like, everybody's all cramped in, like.
Mike: I mean…
Mike: The theory is that 3,000 Hobby Oppets can't all fight us at once, because the quarters are too…
David S. Kong: Well, and it's also, it's like, you know, Kenzo Astral Monk just, like, goes in there and just, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo can pass through walls, so Kenzo theoretically could escape.
Tim Sackton: Sure. Should things turn bad.
David S. Kong: Honestly, honestly, what if we just do a bunch of, like, Kenzo, like, guerrilla attacks, like, just goes in, like, kills, like, 20 of them, and leaves? Goes in, kills 20 of them, and leaves.
Mike: I mean, we could use Wish to cast… how many people does… hold on.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: I'm looking at another spell. Ethralness?
Mike: Although you can't… can you go back and forth? I can't remember.
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: Wait, wait, wait, can, can, what's the thing where we create, like, multiple seekers? What spell is that?
Mike: It's a macro.
Tim Sackton: crack him.
Mike: I could make two Kenzos.
David S. Kong: That's what I'm saying, yeah, can we do multiple Kenzos, and just send Kenzo in, and just, like, inside the fucking thing, and just, like, go kill 40 of them, pop back out, go kill 40 of them, pop back out, you know?
Eric R: When you cast a spell.
Mike: Now, with… when you cast a spell with Wish, does it count as a 9th level spell?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric R: Yeah, it's nice.
Eric R: And simulacrum is… What levels?
Eric R: Oh, and… I don't have it.
Eric R: Where's my Simulacrum spell? That's weird.
Tim Sackton: You're casting it with Wish now.
Eric R: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: We traded at.
Eric R: Forgot about that.
Mike: I mean, we could use… we could use ethralness to…
Mike: walk in to Scout, because we could just…
Mike: be in the Aether plane, and… Cross through, right?
David S. Kong: I kinda like the idea of just going in there and fucking him up for a while, and then just leaving.
David S. Kong: Like, I think Ken's…
Mike: What about…
Mike: Yeah, I mean, like, we could just do stuff, like, go in there, drop a spell, and then get out?
David S. Kong: That's also true, oh my god, just, like, random area spells, just instantly.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, hell yeah.
Mike: But wait, Seeker doesn't have metamagic, so we… although I think a lot of the powerful spells are people you choose.
Mike: Hold on, Sunburst…
Mike: And a sunburst.
David S. Kong: Let's show up and see if she fights us.
Mike: Yeah, okay. I think our plan, I think we're.
David S. Kong: then we just fucking… Kenzo's literally gonna astral project himself and just go inside there and just fuck up a bunch of dudes and leave. And just, like, fight for a few rounds and then escape.
Mike: I mean, our escape plan is teleport, right?
Mike: Or Kenzo's just gonna astral plane and walk out.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's just… Kendra would just walk out, but…
David S. Kong: And Tim, because it seems like whatever's going on in there, right, it's like, the whatever is worth protecting is in the back, and then there's a bunch of just, like, regular-ass troops in the front, right?
Tim Sackton: I mean, you don't really know, right? You don't actually know if there's something that they're protecting in there, or if they're just diving to safety.
David S. Kong: But when they were… when they had organized… remember when it was half open, half closed? Like, it was like the grunts were in the front, and then there was something closed, and then there was something in the back, right?
Mike: I bet. Well, no, they just… they fled inside the back.
Mike: As the tsunami As the tsunami crashed along, it, like, reformed, but it took…
Tim Sackton: them some time to respond, right? They weren't able to…
Tim Sackton: right? They weren't… they weren't able to immediately…
Mike: Does fighting somebody in combat count as meeting them?
David S. Kong: Yes.
Mike: Seems intense, right? Like, if I… if we teleported in there and, like, cut off a Hobgoblin's hand, like, stared that hobgoblin in the eye for a minute, and then we left, could I scry that Hobgoblin?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, probably… I mean, they'd have their… they'd have a bonus if…
Mike: Yeah, but if I have their hand, they have a minus 10.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's true.
Mike: That's why you cut off their hand.
Mike: Right? I mean, it might be fair to say it's secondhand, so they would be only in that.
Mike: A net minus 5 penalty instead of…
Mike: I like this plan, I just… the only problem is we could, like, literally all die if we can't get out.
Mike: If the thing is anti-magic enough that… that teleport or…
Mike: Oh, but then we wouldn't be able to get in.
Mike: Take it back.
Tim Sackton: Wait, how are you getting in?
Mike: Matador.
Mike: But presumably, if we can dimension door in, we can also dimension door out.
David S. Kong: But let's clairvoyance first inside, and see what the hell's going on in there. Let's just do that right now.
Mike: Okay, we're fly… okay, we rested, we're flying back.
Tim Sackton: Now it's the morning of August 10th.
Mike: Yes, for our noon meeting, right?
Tim Sackton: So, noon on August 10th.
Mike: But before noon, we want to, like, clairvoyance. Ideally, we get…
Mike: A mile or, like, 2 miles away.
Mike: Find a spot in Clairvoyance.
Tim Sackton: Oh my god.
Mike: Right.
Mike: So if we have to get up a little bit early, we'll do that, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah. So…
Tim Sackton: I mean, you don't quite know where they are, right? Theoretically, if they're making the same… pace…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: They would be moving at…
Tim Sackton: You know, they'd be 4 hours away.
David S. Kong: I also can sense where they are, like, within 30 miles.
Tim Sackton: But you don't have a great…
Tim Sackton: yeah, you don't really know where they are. I mean, yeah, Kenzo's sense is certainly helpful, and you're… you're sort of locked into the Empress of Chaos, so…
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You know, and her… This sort of limbo… chaos… contamination or intertwining.
David S. Kong: It's gotta be a pretty discernment.
Tim Sackton: Right, so Kenzo's pretty good at sensing that. So your typical thing is to, like, head out, and then Kenzo will stop and do his aura sense and get you a direction.
Tim Sackton: at this point, so you do some exploring, right? You head out there.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo senses them only maybe 30 miles from the river, so it does seem like they've been moving
Tim Sackton: You know, around 3 miles an hour, constantly since.
Tim Sackton: Yesterday… afternoon.
Tim Sackton: They've… they've covered… 20… they've covered 60 miles or something.
Mike: Where are they? Can you point… can you ping on the map exactly where we are?
Tim Sackton: So… so they're… they're, like, aiming to cross the river, like, somewhere, like, right here, or right here, like, around.
Mike: I'm not seeing.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry, I'm not pinging.
Tim Sackton: Right, so, like, here-ish, they're aiming to cross the river.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So they're, like, you know… There, roughly.
Mike: And…
Tim Sackton: This scale is unfortunately… It doesn't seem to be correct when I compare it to my hex map.
Tim Sackton: I don't know… I don't know why it's not… I think it's because it's not actually calculating…
Tim Sackton: It's not calculating a line distance, it's calculating somehow based on grades.
Mike: Oh, it's… it's squares.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I don't.
Mike: Into it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Each square is 16 miles, but it's doing square maps, so things are very different.
Tim Sackton: So, right, so it's… it's like… it's about 55 miles from the river crossing to the closest point you could go up the escarpment.
Tim Sackton: Which is somewhere, like, here-ish.
Mike: And at 3 miles an hour.
Mike: And they're moving a bit through, okay.
Mike: So that's, like…
Tim Sackton: There, it's maybe another 45 to 55 miles.
Tim Sackton: To the heart route.
Mike: So, they could get to the heart route in two and a half days of constant movement.
Mike: Yeah. Basically.
Mike: Not even.
Tim Sackton: Less than two and a half days from here.
Tim Sackton: Right? Constant movement.
Mike: What about this?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, one and a half days from here.
Mike: Okay, well, what's clairvoyance inside the thing?
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, Seeker Cast Clairvoyance, it is a… Chaotic mess of… Soldiers.
Tim Sackton: The interior is… Dark.
Tim Sackton: Lit only by, this sort of,
Tim Sackton: Like, there'll be sort of flickering blue lights that kind of run down the interior in these sort of chaotic patterns. But there's no consistent lighting.
Tim Sackton: Seeker, of course, has darkvision, and you can use darkvision through your, clairvoyant sense. So you're seeing…
Tim Sackton: and again, it's fairly tall, right? It's… it's… Excuse me, maybe…
Tim Sackton: You know, 50 feet tall, and there's, like.
Tim Sackton: things sticking out, right? Like, it's not a clear passageway. It's not… it's not like there's organized shelves or anything like that. There'll be, like, these chaotic spikes that sort of stick out at various angles. Not… not sharp spikes, like…
Tim Sackton: And there are people just kind of hanging off these, some people trying… well, hobgoblins trying to sleep.
Tim Sackton: Often they'll be just lying at some strange angle on one of these, like, shelves that sticks out at a 30 degree angle.
Tim Sackton: Three of them just kind of lying there.
Tim Sackton: Trying to sleep on this platform.
Tim Sackton: Some of them are just kind of hanging on, some of them are talking.
Tim Sackton: It's… There's a lot, you know, there's noise, there's kind of this constant low.
Tim Sackton: Rumbling, sort of humming sound.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't seem that comfortable.
Tim Sackton: But there's, like, you know, a few thousand… it's long, right? It's still… it's, like…
Tim Sackton: If anything, even longer than it was before, maybe 500 feet.
Tim Sackton: Long.
Tim Sackton: You know, so there's… the Hobgoblins are quite spread out across this entire length.
Tim Sackton: Where you randomly happen to place the sensor, there doesn't seem to be anything particularly special about
Tim Sackton: This spot versus any other spot, but he can only see 60 feet.
Tim Sackton: In any direction anyway, because of the darkness.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: So… I think…
Mike: I mean, in theory, we should be prepared for battle here. Do we all think that she's just not gonna show up?
David S. Kong: Probably not.
David S. Kong: We'll see.
Mike: like, is there anything we gotta do to prepare for battle? I don't…
David S. Kong: Oh, wait, wait, aren't we gonna, weren't we gonna, like, get, like, a bunch of our friends to come and bludgeon the thing?
David S. Kong: Bludgeon the centipede itself.
Mike: I thought we were decided that having a bunch of people was a bad idea.
Mike: On the theory that it would make it seem like we weren't challenging in a single combat.
David S. Kong: Actually, one quick question. How many… at this rate, how many days until they get to the home route?
Mike: One and a half. Well, more like two, I mean, because it was one and a half from once they crossed the river, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: 30 miles.
Tim Sackton: It's really two.
David S. Kong: Okay. Let's do today, see if she fights us, and if she doesn't fight us, we just go into the centipede and just go fuck some shit up for a little while, and then leave.
David S. Kong: And then tomorrow, we roll up with animal-shaped
David S. Kong: Crew of, like, 50-whatevers, and go…
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: Alright, Tim, that's the plan.
Tim Sackton: So you show up.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You see the centipede?
Tim Sackton: There's no creatures flying above it, there's no…
David S. Kong: It's moving.
Tim Sackton: Everybody's moving at its continual slow crawl.
Tim Sackton: No Empress of Chaos in sight.
David S. Kong: Where is she? SoulSight, like, just AuraSense, is she inside the thing?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Shit.
Mike: I mean, that's one downside of teleporting in there.
Mike: Right?
David S. Kong: Did we teleport in, or did we.
Mike: We didn't… I mean, we were…
Tim Sackton: Blue, with animal shapes.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: So she's clearly not gonna emerge to fight us.
Mike: So why not?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Switch to damaging… trying to damage the centipede instead.
Mike: I think our best bet at damaging the centipede is gonna be when it's climbing the enscarpment.
Mike: If we could, like, dislodge it or something like that.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: When is that gonna happen? Later today?
Mike: Tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: Tomorrow, yeah. It's still… it's still, like, 80 miles-ish 85.
Mike: I just wondered, like, do we know where she is?
Mike: I'm just thinking, is it crazy to, like, dimension door in?
Mike: Cast some spell, like… Seconding Radiance, and then just Dimension Door Out.
David S. Kong: I don't think it's crazy at all. I think we go in there and just, like, fight for a couple rounds, and then leave.
Mike: I mean, we could, in theory do it all in one round.
Mike: If Seeker teleports us out, Right?
Mike: The problem is, we can't all get in with it. No, no, Seeker can cast Dimension Door, and…
Mike: Seeker and Dellwith could both cast Dimension Door.
David S. Kong: Yeah, Kenzo can fly right in.
Mike: Yeah, but Dimension Door will get us at that… we could both expand… we could both enlarge our dimension door, or double range our dimension doors to instantly travel 1,000 feet.
David S. Kong: Great. Let's do that. Yeah, let's fucking go inside. Let's just go inside.
Mike: And then, if… if Seeker's plan is on his initiative to just cast Teleport.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Right? Then, it's basically Kenzo gets one turn, Delwith gets one turn, and… Walby gets one turn.
Mike: to do whatever… Yeah, unfortunately, I don't know that Welby has anything that's massively…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I can shoot.
Mike: The problem is, nobody does that, nobody has anything that flashy, except…
Mike: Killing one Hobgoblin, right? Except Seeker and dealt with. I mean, I could cast Sickening Radiance.
David S. Kong: Yeah, no.
Mike: Or… There's other spells, like Symptic static, there's a few spells.
David S. Kong: Can't Secret… can we stay for two rounds, and then Secret cast Wall of Fire inside the thing?
Mike: I mean, we could, right?
David S. Kong: Let's do 2 rounds.
Mike: We could always see, right? We could see how it goes.
David S. Kong: Let's see how it goes. And if it's looking bad, we get out of there. But if it's looking promising, then let's stand there and just, you know…
David S. Kong: If Secret can drop a wall of fire in there, that would be fucking awesome.
Mike: Yeah, or, I mean, or a sunburst.
David S. Kong: Sunburst, yeah.
Mike: Right? Sunburst is an 8th level spell, it's a 60-foot sphere.
Mike: Right? On a point within range, so he doesn't even have to see it as long as he has line of… as long as he's not full coverage.
David S. Kong: Let's do that.
Mike: So it's the head of the thing, right?
David S. Kong: that.
Mike: This thing is what? This thing is at least 200 feet long, right?
Tim Sackton: More like 500 to 600 feet long.
Mike: So this thing's 600 feet long, so you put the… you put the 60-foot radius just 300 feet away, 200… 150 feet away from us, goes 60 feet in each direction, we don't get impacted, it kills a lot of people.
David S. Kong: Let's do it.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Do area of effect spells go through, like.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Doors and walls and things, like…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): If I cast a fireball next to a closed door.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Does it extend to the other side, or does it block it? Okay.
Mike: It blocks it.
David S. Kong: Oh, Kenzo has a necklace of fireballs.
Mike: Oh, so throw a fireball. I'll totally throw a fireball.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, hand those out, man, I'll take one of those.
David S. Kong: Can I do that?
Tim Sackton: I don't… let me check. There might be a time limit to.
David S. Kong: Necklace of Fireballs, let's see…
David S. Kong: Yeah, they're beads! 1d6 plus 3 beads hired from it, you can use an action to detach a bead in 3…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Detach it through. Yeah, it's…
Tim Sackton: So…
Mike: Grenade-like, right?
Tim Sackton: It's a grenade. Once you pull it off, it's gonna explode.
David S. Kong: That round. But that's fine. So you throw it or you don't. But that's fine. Well, we can grab it from… grab it from.
Tim Sackton: Welby, it doesn't require tunement. Welby can grab one from your.
David S. Kong: Hell yeah, let's fucking do that. Alright, so me and you are throwing fireballs, sickening radiance, this is great, let's… let's fucking do this. This is gonna be awesome. I'm excited. What could go wrong?
Mike: so many things. Tim is like, man.
Mike: Kim is like, man, the Nantucket weekend was gonna be so fun, but now it's being canceled, because they're gonna kill themselves inside.
David S. Kong: No, no, no, no.
David S. Kong: This is the best thing.
Mike: It's great, it's perfect.
David S. Kong: This is the best idea we've ever had. Let's go teleport inside the centipede that has 3,000 Hobgoblins inside it, launch a bunch of area effect spells, and leave.
Mike: I don't think it even has 3,000 hop goggles.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Terrible idea. This is… yeah, I love it. This is the best one.
Mike: We're doing it. Totally awesome.
David S. Kong: This is gonna be great. What could go wrong?
Tim Sackton: Okay, go ahead and roll initiative.
David S. Kong: I'm so excited.
David S. Kong: Alright, here we go.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: We're missing Eric.
David S. Kong: 30.
Mike: I got a 21.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 23.
Mike: Is somebody rolling for Seeker?
Mike: I can.
Mike: 4!
David S. Kong: It's okay, we wanted to go last.
Mike: No, we want him to go ask his parents.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's perfect, it's perfect.
Tim Sackton: Frank.
Tim Sackton: Schwartz, where did Welby get?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 23…
David S. Kong: That's certain.
Mike: 4 plus whatever Seekers pluses.
David S. Kong: Maybe, maybe,
David S. Kong: Delwoods should go first, so you cast Sickening Radiance first. I got, I got.
Mike: Oh, and we actually might want…
Mike: Seeker to go. You guys might want to switch with Delith and Seeker.
David S. Kong: Do we want sugar?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): We want Seeger at the top of the second round?
Mike: I was thinking, if Seeker's at the top of the second round.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: then…
Mike: Everybody gets…
David S. Kong: Perfect. Okay, great.
Mike: Seeker's at the top of the second round, and everybody gets one action, and he gets…
David S. Kong: That's perfect, that's great, yeah. So it's a little bit safer. Seeker goes first and casts the daylight right away. Cast the thing, exactly, exactly. Okay, perfect, perfect.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so sorry. Seeker…
David S. Kong: So here's 30.
Tim Sackton: then… Who's 23?
Tim Sackton: Me.
Tim Sackton: We're staying 23.
David S. Kong: Do we want, do we want, Sickening Radiance?
Mike: I got a 21, so 27.
Tim Sackton: Shawworth is 21, and then Kenzo is last.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: for.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Yeah, this is exciting.
David S. Kong: This is exciting.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, you appear…
David S. Kong: Knock.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna start initiative when the dimension tours go off. The four of you appear, inside… The centipede.
Tim Sackton: you see basically what I described. There's… Hobgoblins spread out around, there's these, like.
Mike: I did cast, I meant to say this earlier, sorry, in prep for the battle.
Mike: I would have casted aid.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: And then…
Mike: this morning, right? So, 8, short rest, so everybody… so Kenzo… Seeker, and…
Mike: Who has the least hit points?
Tim Sackton: Seeker's got a lot of hit points.
Mike: Hippo is the Seeker have?
Tim Sackton: I've got, like, 40 million tabs open. Seeker has 165 hit points.
Mike: Ow.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Whoa!
Mike: He has a ton of hit points. Okay, not Seeker, the two of us.
David S. Kong: Tough. Kansas got 149.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh, what?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 1129.
Mike: I got 120… how did I have the least hit points of anybody? I have 126.
Tim Sackton: Yo, secret… Kenzo doesn't… Kenzo… that… I'm pretty sure Kenzo actually only has one.
David S. Kong: Oh, I also only have 129, sorry.
Tim Sackton: Because he took 3 levels in Sorcerer.
Mike: Yeah, I know, I know. So everybody take 30… the three of us take 30 max HP modifier up.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 3-0?
Mike: 3-0.
David S. Kong: Wait, tomorrow?
Mike: Oh, wait, 3-0 or 2-0? Hold on, let me double-check. No, 2-0. Sorry, 2-0.
David S. Kong: Oh, so that is 149. Okay, so I have 149.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I think you must have had aid still on there.
David S. Kong: Got it, got it, okay.
Mike: So just change your max HP modifier by up 20.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, I got it, I got that already.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Welcome.
Mike: Oh, so we all have the exact same hit points, except that I took 3 levels of sorcerer, so I have 3 hit points.
Tim Sackton: And Seeker took tough, so… So he has a lot more.
Tim Sackton: Okay, sorry, give me one sec, I just need to pull up my army stat blocks.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so the way the army works…
Tim Sackton: It's like minions, but not. They function as units.
Tim Sackton: So that's a group of 20 Hobgoblins that act together. As they take damage, the number of attacks they make go down, so when they're bloodied, they only do half as many attacks as they do normally.
Tim Sackton: But we're representing… large groups of Hobgoblin soldiers as one
Tim Sackton: Semi-difficult enemy for one person to fight.
Mike: Okay, but also, part of our theory here is that it's literally not possible for…
Mike: a hundred hobgoblins to fight us all at once.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, their size is much bigger. They're not medium, they're huge.
Tim Sackton: Right? So they can't… move in in the same, right.
Tim Sackton: navigation as a, As a medium.
Mike: Ready.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, you appear…
Tim Sackton: the… The interior of this centipede, like, you know, these are… You know, immediately.
Tim Sackton: turn, and I mean, they're not expecting you, right? So they all have disadvantage on initiative.
Tim Sackton: But, you know, and there's some… about a third or a half of them are sleeping, the rest are sort of in armor and near-ish, at least through weapons.
Tim Sackton: Seeker gets the… well, Kenzo gets to jump on everybody, And… Seeker.
Tim Sackton: goes first.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): What was the plan for Secret of Cast? Because it strikes me as Tsunami from the inside would be pretty amazing.
David S. Kong: What?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): zoom.
Mike: No, Tsunami… tsunami takes a minute to cast, he can't cast.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's right, that's right. Okay, never mind.
Mike: Sunburst.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Sunbursts.
David S. Kong: Sunburst, yeah.
Mike: Sunburst. Sunburst is, sunburst is… 12D… 12D10 radiant damage?
Mike: In a 60-foot sphere, so it's 120 feet in all directions. I mean, 120 feet total, right?
David S. Kong: That's so awesome.
David S. Kong: Really good.
Mike: 12v6 radiant damage, and the creatures are blinded.
Tim Sackton: And where are you putting that?
Mike: It's a 150 foot range.
Mike: I mean, it's a 150-foot range and 60 foot radius, so we're just putting it…
Mike: 150… er, 100 feet up the tunnel, right? We're here.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: I mean, unless there's an obvious, dense concentration of people.
Mike: The idea is to just put it so that… or put it, like, 80 feet up, right? So that the area… so that the edge of it's 20 feet away from us, right?
Tim Sackton: Yep, got it.
David S. Kong: I'm proud of us.
Mike: And Delwith is gonna shout, I mean, I'm gonna repeat our story here, I'm gonna say.
David S. Kong: Of course.
Mike: I'll shout as we appear that the Emperor of Chaos daren't fight us.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's a coward. So we are coming to punish you, because she is a coward. Yeah, she's a coward and did not show. Yeah.
Mike: So here's your punishment, and then the sunburst goes off.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Love it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: I'll cast Gledness before I come in and do this, because why not? I'm not gonna use it for anything else.
Mike: And actually, Gibnus is useful if I have to cast the spell Magic.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, the sunburst… Erupts, in blinding light, and you hear screams as… Hundreds of Hobgoblins.
Tim Sackton: Sleeping or not, Collapse.
Tim Sackton: Ahead of you, and chaos erupts inside the centipede.
Tim Sackton: As they all turn, And begin to, you know.
Tim Sackton: Shouts run up and down. People turn and begin to look in your direction.
Tim Sackton: There's a lot you can't see, because it's beyond… after this brief flash, you're…
Tim Sackton: suddenly, in darkness, none of you… oh, deal with? You might have a 120-foot darkvision?
Mike: I have True Sight to 30 feet, and Dark Vision to 120 feet.
David S. Kong: I'm kind of confusion.
Mike: Or 60 feet, no, darkvision to 60 feet.
Tim Sackton: But I'll also darkvision to 60 feet, so there's this blinding flash of light, and then…
Tim Sackton: It's immediately dark, and you can just hear the screams of dying hobgoblins.
Tim Sackton: You know, 100 feet away from you.
Tim Sackton: as Welby, what are you doing?
David S. Kong: Fireball.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna grab a bead off of Kenza's necklace and chuck that thing at the biggest cluster I can find.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: It's a third level fireball.
Tim Sackton: Yep. So, 86. Fireball erupts as well.
Tim Sackton: You begin to hear the noise of, like.
Tim Sackton: You know, shouts in the distance.
Tim Sackton: You know, trying to get organized.
Tim Sackton: dealt with.
Mike: I'm gonna drop a… Sickening Radiance, where are we?
Mike: Compared to the… like, are we in the middle at the end? Are there people behind us?
Tim Sackton: There's people behind you, yeah. There's people on…
Mike: I'm gonna drop a Sickening Radiance.
Mike: Which is 30 foot.
Mike: It's a 30-foot cube, 120 foot. The 30-foot radius, 120 feet, so I'm gonna drop it again, so it's, like, 20 feet from the edge.
Mike: It's only 30-foot radius, not… Not 60, right?
Tim Sackton: Right. But… Right.
Mike: In that direct… in the opposite direction of the… of the… And I'm actually going to draw my soul… I mean, I'm gonna… I'm just gonna quicken Sickening Radiance, because what the hell? Right? This is time for maximum… maximizing, right? So, I will quicken Sickening Radiance…
Mike: And then I will just… just murder anybody near me.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Like, just wade next to some hobgoblins and wail them with 3 attacks with my sword.
Tim Sackton: So Dawa turns and strikes, slashing at, multiple Hobgoblins,
Tim Sackton: Slaying them in their sleep as they lie without armor.
Tim Sackton: Damn. Greenish glow of the sitting radiance at the bottom of the…
Mike: And then you hear…
Tim Sackton: FIRE!
Tim Sackton: And there's a blast of intense heat around you.
Tim Sackton: Everybody make a dexterity saving throw?
Mike: 6 is probably not… oh, but…
David S. Kong: I think I would have used Heroic Inspiration. I mean, again, I'm assuming we all have heroic inspiration, because we.
Mike: short-rested in the morning. I'm gonna try again.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: 28, Tim.
Mike: 11?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Still not wonderful?
Tim Sackton: Somebody roll for Seeker?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Is 20 good enough, Tim?
Tim Sackton: 20 is good enough. Kenzo and Welby dodge out of the way, completely avoiding any of the damage.
Mike: M…
David S. Kong: I rolled an 11 for Seeker.
Tim Sackton: sneaker and… can and dealt with each take 40 points of fire damage.
Mike: That's not so bad.
David S. Kong: You can do Bardic.
Mike: It… I was thinking, is… is Bardic worth it?
Mike: But I've… I just… I just… we're always… I… yeah, why not? Why not? Let's do part.
David S. Kong: We're leaving at the end of the round, I mean, you know?
Tim Sackton: What was your safe?
Mike: 11.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Mike: I mean, 20 passed, right? But… I'm gonna try Bardak.
Mike: House 16, that's probably.
Tim Sackton: 16 does not work.
David S. Kong: Worth the effort, worth it effort.
David S. Kong: Actually, let's have a…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Does that fire… sorry, does that fire affect the Hobgoblins around us?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
David S. Kong: Let's have… should we have Seeker roll Bardic, too, or roll… do Heroicus?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Bardik himself.
Mike: You can't barbecue.
David S. Kong: Broke inspiration.
Mike: He could re-roll with her.
Tim Sackton: Good heroic.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Should we do that?
David S. Kong: I mean, we're outta here, right? At the end of the round? Yeah. I think we've made our point.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Hit points, though.
David S. Kong: What's that?
Mike: He has a ton of hit points.
David S. Kong: Fuck it, let's save it, let's save it.
Mike: I mean…
David S. Kong: Next.
Mike: Fair enough.
Tim Sackton: Several hot goblins move in.
Tim Sackton: The sort of half of the…
Tim Sackton: of the group that wasn't destroyed by Dalwith or already armored.
Tim Sackton: That thing…
David S. Kong: The sickening radiance is there.
Mike: It's persistent, so it's.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: So, anybody moving into it?
Tim Sackton: So that's a… 18 and a… 20 to hit Dahlweth.
Mike: Those both miss.
Tim Sackton: So you dodge out of the way of a, horde of hobgoblins.
Tim Sackton: swinging, like Aragorn in Lord of the Rings, you just dodge out of the way. And then…
Tim Sackton: From the other side, charging.
Tim Sackton: You see, flying down… From the area that was… Cleared by the…
Tim Sackton: That's sort of, like, in between, because you put the blazing…
Tim Sackton: You put the sunburst, like, at the far end, right?
Tim Sackton: And the sickening rate is behind you. So, like, running basically through the,
Tim Sackton: sort of forming in a ranks around that, right. That gap.
Tim Sackton: You see, again, another… unit charging now from the front.
Tim Sackton: I guess… I don't really know what order you're all in, but I guess Seeker or…
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is in the front.
David S. Kong: Yeah. We put Seeker and Seeker in the middle, I'm sure.
Tim Sackton: So… Oof, that's… Two natural 20s against Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: So that each one is gonna deal…
Tim Sackton: 4010 plus… okay, so the first…
Tim Sackton: The other one misses, the other one was a 16.
Tim Sackton: Oh, and they get one more.
Tim Sackton: That's an 18, that also misses.
Tim Sackton: So that's…
Tim Sackton: The first, unit comes in 16 points of slashing damage.
David S. Kong: Perfect. Kenzo will deflect that attack.
David S. Kong: Oh, and perfect, yeah, 33, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, Kenzo also dodges out of the way, knocks him aside, but leaving yourself open, killing a Hobgoblin or two in the process, leaving yourself open to the follow-up.
Tim Sackton: Which is, 14.
Tim Sackton: Plus… 16 plus.
Tim Sackton: 26 points of damage.
David S. Kong: Oh, I got hit. Oh, oh, I got… there are two natural 20s.
Tim Sackton: You get two natural 20s, you got hit twice.
David S. Kong: Okay, so 26 damage?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: And then… You hear a… A shout echoing down.
Mike: So wait, this is all…
Tim Sackton: This is all in between…
Mike: Before Kenzo, so Kenzo was.
Tim Sackton: Poor Kenzo.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Stop them.
Tim Sackton: And… Spikes shoot out from the wall.
Tim Sackton: Everybody make a dexterity saving throw.
David S. Kong: 28.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 21.
Mike: next day.
David S. Kong: I'll roll for, Seeker.
Tim Sackton: 8, you said?
Mike: 8, yes.
David S. Kong: Oh no, Seeker rolled a 1, fuck. Sorry, Seeker.
David S. Kong: heroic inspiration, heroic inspiration.
Mike: Didn't he just… oh, he didn't.
David S. Kong: No, we did not use it, we saved it. Saved it just for this purpose. Alright, roll it…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Come on, Seeker.
David S. Kong: 20!
Tim Sackton: Delweth is impaled by a metal spike.
David S. Kong: Oh, no.
Mike: Dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Which does…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Try for the spiked helmet.
David S. Kong: Wait, you can't do it, you use your heroic?
Mike: I did last time.
David S. Kong: Oh, I thought.
Tim Sackton: You did it on his last one.
Mike: both.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Mike: Which was a mistake, but…
David S. Kong: Yeah, whatever.
Tim Sackton: 13 points of damage, and you are grappled.
Mike: That's okay.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Teleport, right?
Mike: Yeah,
Tim Sackton: You can still teleport.
David S. Kong: Perfect. You don't have to be able to move to teleport.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): It'd be really funny if it was set up so that you couldn't teleport out from the inside of this creature, that would be…
Tim Sackton: Then you'd all be dead.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But…
David S. Kong: No, we wouldn't.
David S. Kong: We would… we would just… but Kenza would walk out, everybody else would figure.
Tim Sackton: Enzo wouldn't be dead, that's true.
Tim Sackton: one more of them, and then Kenzo's up. Sorry, not… yeah, Kenzo, and then Seeker's next at the top there.
Tim Sackton: The last, one is… Archers?
Tim Sackton: So, make a save with advantage, dexterity saving throw with advantage, All of you.
Tim Sackton: Advantage, because it's tight quarters, and they don't have good aim.
David S. Kong: 28.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 26.
Mike: Wow.
Mike: Well?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike: Oh, you know what I forgot about, Debit? I could roll 2D4 and add it to a… Save.
Tim Sackton: Seeker's fine, so it's only dealt with.
Mike: Well, I'm gonna… I'm gonna add 2D4 here.
Tim Sackton: Where did you roll?
Mike: I rolled it out. 12?
David S. Kong: Wow.
Mike: Has a 16.
Tim Sackton: Not quite.
Mike: Can I take a barnac?
Mike: there's plenty, right? Like, can't, can't, can't…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, we're still playing with the reaction bardic, which… It's fine.
Tim Sackton: Seeker doesn't need his reaction for anything else. Okay, that succeeds.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Although, I don't know why I'm bothering, I still have 93 hit points, so…
Tim Sackton: So…
Tim Sackton: So Seeker and…
Tim Sackton: Seeker and Daweth take, 24 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo and Welby take nothing, as flaming arrows land on you.
Tim Sackton: And now Kenza's up.
David S. Kong: Alright, so…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Keith, before you go, can I ask, did the hobgoblins hit by that fireball that I threw actually take damage and die, or…
Tim Sackton: Some of them did.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, okay, so it's not like they were immune to the damage or something.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike: I forgot to not kill one of the Hobgoblins so well.
David S. Kong: You can still do that. Kenzo can do that right now.
Mike: Oh, can you, like, can you take a Hobgoblin…
Mike: Can you, like, you know, rip a piece of clothing or a body part off one of the goblins?
David S. Kong: Easily.
Mike: And then, like, introduce them to Delith, like, hold the Hopko, be like, Delith, meet Hopko!
David S. Kong: Literally, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, wait, wait, so, wait, so, so, so Tim, is a fireball an action, or a bonus action?
Mike: Magic action.
David S. Kong: action, but then I can do… I can do my bonus action.
Tim Sackton: You can still spend a key to do your bonus action.
David S. Kong: Okay, so Kenzo will, will, pull a bead off, throw a fireball, again, towards a dense, dense group of, of, hobgoblins.
David S. Kong: I'll let you.
Tim Sackton: Not that many dense groups of hobgoblins left in Fireball range at this point. But yeah, you still hit some more.
Mike: Now, both of our… no, there's the ones right next to us.
Mike: Right?
Tim Sackton: relative…
Tim Sackton: Well, yeah, yeah, you can hit one of those… one unit, or you can hit both if you hit all of you, too.
Mike: Nothing else.
David S. Kong: I won't hit that. I'll just say one thing.
Tim Sackton: You can hit one of these two units that's moved in to engage with you. Perfect.
David S. Kong: And then I'm gonna spend a key, bonus action attack
David S. Kong: And then, I don't know if you want me to roll, but I am in a fight, and then, like.
Tim Sackton: You should roll to hit, because you're trying to do something particular. Okay, cool.
Tim Sackton: If you roll 2 1s in a row, for example, or I guess you've got three attacks, if you roll 3 1s in a row, for example.
David S. Kong: Alright, so… 26.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: 26… Last one's 18.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the, 18 just hits, yes, they all… all those hits.
David S. Kong: Anyways, but for one of the 26s, Kenzo will, like, take one and, like, literally, like, hold it, show him the deal with, and then, like, you know, tear off, like, a piece of his clothes.
Tim Sackton: Roll, roll, roll damage.
Tim Sackton: You gotta beat a 10 to tear off… to rip off a piece of… Goblin.
David S. Kong: 17.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yeah, no problem.
David S. Kong: Alright, cool.
Tim Sackton: But Kenzo pulls his punches, rather than killing the Hobgoblin with 17 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Pull your punch and just, you know, break off a finger or whatever.
Tim Sackton: Or some clothes.
Mike: No, a finger's better, because a body part is 10, and a garment is only 4.
David S. Kong: Alright, the pinky.
Tim Sackton: Thanks. Okay.
Mike: Or, like, some hairs.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, rip out some hair.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it riffs out some hair, that's a little better.
Mike: That's less gruesome, right? Like, Deloitt doesn't want to torture these guys. Hair is… hair is… hair is really what we.
David S. Kong: But yeah, I mean, other than the murdering them in their sleep with your sword, other than that.
Tim Sackton: Right, just murder as a kid.
David S. Kong: Yeah, you're very merciful.
Mike: Who exploded 20 of them in their sleep?
David S. Kong: That's… After you poison them. Anyways, whatever, whatever.
Mike: Seeker caught down the wrath of the gods, right?
David S. Kong: Whatever, whatever, whatever, yeah, we're all, we're all.
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: All I know is that we're free.
Tim Sackton: At this point, Kenzo's turn is over.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And we're back to the top at Seeker.
Mike: teleport.
Tim Sackton: And you vanished.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, we vanish.
Mike: I mean, Daleth was shouting the whole time, like, your Empress brought this upon you.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Darren, you know, demand she… demand she surrender, you know, you know, we will… we will…
David S. Kong: We will spare you.
Mike: We will spare…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): those.
Mike: to surrender, right? If you overthrow her, a worthy leader can be found for you, right? Like…
Mike: Do not give in to her cowardice. She would not even leave this metal monster to fight us.
Mike: Without her medal, she is nothing.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Great.
David S. Kong: Good stuff.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Love it.
Mike: And then vanish.
David S. Kong: Yeah, now let's cry. What's going on? What's going on?
Mike: Yeah, as soon as we wait, I'm scrying this guy.
Tim Sackton: The… Creature is still moving.
Tim Sackton: There's, people moving up and down, tending to the… tending to the wounded.
Tim Sackton: The interior has reshaped itself now, there are…
Tim Sackton: There's, like, a bit more space, it's a bit less chaotic, and there's, like, sections.
Tim Sackton: Dividing it off.
Mike: They… they did… she does learn, I'll say that, she learns.
Tim Sackton: And there's what looks like, So there's,
Tim Sackton: Hobgoblin's walking through, and they'll, like, stop and…
Tim Sackton: You know, speak to a few people occasionally, and they're… they have, like, almost…
Tim Sackton: It's not really an aura, but, like…
Tim Sackton: Almost instead of hair, there's, like, weird sort of colors spinning around their head.
Tim Sackton: Their eyes are sort of flashing, multicolored, there's… There's almost, like.
Tim Sackton: what looks like maybe fire or something kind of streaming off of their arms. All of them are disfigured in various ways, right? Like, they have a scar on their cheek, or they're missing two fingers on their hands or something.
Tim Sackton: And they're… and as they walk through,
Tim Sackton: You know, they're… they're bending down, and they're sort of, talking to each…
Tim Sackton: You know, the survivors here, and…
Tim Sackton: One of them gets to this guy as you're scrying, and he's saying, Through pain is power.
Tim Sackton: Suffering.
Tim Sackton: It's how we win.
Tim Sackton: He holds up his hand, and there's fire blooming from the top of his hand.
Tim Sackton: The primordial chaos is within you.
Tim Sackton: And it just requires… A little more suffering to unlock.
Tim Sackton: And you…
Tim Sackton: Shoots his hand up and fire shoots out of it, not seeming to affect any of the Hobgoblins around him.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I learned.
Tim Sackton: the hard way.
Tim Sackton: Your path is easy, this is short compared to the…
Tim Sackton: 50 years I waited to receive this blessing.
Tim Sackton: from chaos.
David S. Kong: Is this the sorcerer speaking?
Tim Sackton: This is the Sorcerer speaking.
Tim Sackton: When the battle comes, all of this… We'll just make you stronger.
Tim Sackton: Your power is so close to being unlocked in you.
Tim Sackton: Raw chaos that resides in all of us.
Tim Sackton: You remember.
Tim Sackton: You've seen.
Tim Sackton: You know what we can do.
Tim Sackton: Patience.
Tim Sackton: Sort of.
Tim Sackton: Pat's him on the shoulder, and then…
Tim Sackton: Like, does a, like, fist bump on his chest, you know, and then the other guy, the wounded soldier salutes and, like, sort of bucks up his head a little bit more.
Tim Sackton: And moves on. And this guy moves on.
Tim Sackton: Just from looking around, you know, again, it's… Not everybody is.
Tim Sackton: Reassured by this.
David S. Kong: Tim, the flame that you were describing, was the flame just on the sorceress, or also on the people, the wounded people?
Tim Sackton: No, this was on the Sorcerer. Oh, okay, okay. But obviously, I mean, somebody shot a fireball at you that affected you and not the…
David S. Kong: Right.
Tim Sackton: Hobgoblins nearby.
David S. Kong: Presumably.
Tim Sackton: Pretty strong fireball. Like, a high-level fireball.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Guys, our plan is working brilliantly.
Mike: It… yes, it…
Mike: It is. I mean, I wonder how many are left. Is there any way to gauge how many… like, in this little section that I can see from this grind? So, 60 feet area, right? Like, is there any way, like, how many people…
Tim Sackton: I mean, so, the tsunami was definitely the…
Tim Sackton: most devastating. That took out, like, a quarter of the army in one hit.
Tim Sackton: Right? So you're down to maybe 3,000. There was, like, 4,200 to start.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: you know… Earthquake probably didn't kill that many, it's hard to judge.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to say, but… You'd be surprised if…
Tim Sackton: It's definitely not less than… it's definitely not less than half.
Tim Sackton: And it would be… Surprising if it was more than two-thirds that are still alive.
Mike: Sorry, you missed what I was… what I'm actually trying to judge is the morale.
Mike: Not… not how many are dead.
Tim Sackton: This little section.
Mike: action, right? Like… How many people…
Tim Sackton: Priy focuses on one person, right? And so it's not…
Mike: But I can look around in the.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, that's what I was saying before, right? Like, you know, these sorcerers are moving through the ranks and trying to reassure everybody that.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: Great, you know, great suffering leads to great power.
Tim Sackton: a lot of them are buying it, but again, not everybody, right? And…
Mike: But, right, I'm just trying to, like.
Tim Sackton: A third of them are sort of skeptical, right? It's hard to…
Tim Sackton: It's hard to pin an exact.
Mike: Yeah, yeah. No, no, I was just trying to get at, is it, like…
Mike: more like 1%, 10%, or something between 10 and 30%, right? Like…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's more like… it's more like the last one, right? I mean, there's more than… there's probably 10 Hobgoblins that you can see, and a couple of them seem skeptical.
Tim Sackton: So, extrapolate as you will.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: It is.
David S. Kong: Let's take a snap poll on the Sorcerers. What's her approval rating right now amongst the… Hobgoblins.
Mike: I mean, well, so, you know, I guess among the one-third of them who are dead, probably fairly low.
David S. Kong: Let's see how she rates on the issues.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Affordability…
David S. Kong: Immigration…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): That's the first issue, is affordability.
David S. Kong: Top issue amongst, you know, centipede-dwelling.
Mike: Not a problem.
Mike: Right.
Mike: Housing, right? Is it good housing?
David S. Kong: Housing is the top issue, top issue for this group.
David S. Kong: Housing, wages, you know…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Where does she stand on central bank interest rates?
Mike: So we could probably guess.
Mike: That… At the moment, the effective fighting force is probably about half what it originally was.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: If you assume that some of the ones who are doubters might
Mike: Break in any kind of negative situation, right?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Which means they'll be outnumbered just on numbers alone, compared to.
Mike: what can muster in the Valley, and then… Yeah, what did we have from a mustering standpoint?
Tim Sackton: like… 2,500, 3,000?
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you've gone from being outnumbered to outnumbering them.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): And then with animal shapes.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: On a few hundred of those, we…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): We're probably in an even better place.
Mike: And then the biggest problem is they clearly have at least
Mike: They currently have a fair number of Chaos Sorcerers.
David S. Kong: So, here's the thing, because the Stone Giants show up after a couple days, right? Or the Stoneborns show up.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but actually, the one downside of this is you've sped up their timeline.
David S. Kong: I was just gonna say, because can't we slow them down a little bit by,
David S. Kong: Like, fucking with the terrain, and like, you know.
Mike: Well, that's what I was wondering, is could we, like… try to…
Mike: Some setbacks in terms of speed.
David S. Kong: Like… Exactly.
Mike: Like, in particular, while it's climbing up the cliff.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I think…
Mike: do anything to, like…
David S. Kong: We totally can.
Mike: Knock it off.
David S. Kong: Of course we can.
Mike: Right?
David S. Kong: throw sand in its gears, you know? Like, it's the mechanical thing that's moving, right? Yeah.
Mike: To me, that's the next… the next.
Tim Sackton: So, nothing that you've seen about it actually suggests any part of it is mechanical. It looks more like it's…
Tim Sackton: It… it seems more like water flow… like it's flowing across the… landscape, right?
Mike: But, like…
David S. Kong: There's not gears turning anymore.
Mike: When it… when it was… going up the cliff before. We saw it go up and over.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: Does it… was it, like…
Tim Sackton: I mean, you were, you were, like, a mile or two away, you couldn't tell what was happening.
Tim Sackton: But you never… it doesn't have any gears, it doesn't have any…
David S. Kong: We go.
Mike: I mean…
Tim Sackton: It clearly can reshape itself quite dramatically, right?
Mike: I mean, we have to assume it's impacted by gravity, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Well… It can't… it obviously can't fly, otherwise, why wouldn't it be flying?
Mike: But if it can hover 3 inches off the air, for example.
Mike: But, like, if it could levitate 3 inches, then it would presumably be able to just go up a wall, and you couldn't really knock it down, because it would just be levitating.
Mike: So we actually have no evidence that it's possible to knock down.
Tim Sackton: You don't know, one way or the other, what is possible to do.
Tim Sackton: What's done so far has seemed to affect the… Chaos medal in any way.
Mike: So, I mean… The idea would be… You know, how can we… I think the next plan…
Mike: Is, it's gonna reach the cliff tomorrow.
Mike: Right?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: And can we do something to… stop it from…
Mike: Reaching the cl… like, what can we do, if anything, to… Slow it down.
Mike: Either with, like, hallucinate terrain, Or… Other types of illusions, or… Something that actually reshapes the…
Mike: the land, I mean, would erupting Earth, as it's going up on the cliff, just knock it off? I don't know.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: But Seeker could cast an 8th level Erupting Earth without even using Wish, right?
David S. Kong: That's great.
Mike: And it's that, like.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Erupts out while it's crossing. Maybe it pushes it back.
David S. Kong: Let's totally try that. Let's totally try that.
Mike: but then…
David S. Kong: I also like the idea still, also, of just, like.
David S. Kong: like, as far as we can tell, right, they've got archers in there, but they're, like, inside the centipede, you know what I mean? So, I actually do think, like, eagles dropping, like, boulders, or fucking, you know, like, that will work. That will, like, when the thing's trying to go up the wall, erupting earth and just…
Mike: Yeah, oh, while it's going up, like, drop stuff to try and…
David S. Kong: Exactly. Drop all kinds of shit on it, and erupting Earth, and just disrupt the fuck out of it. And damage it, right? It's still, like, a structure that's got hit points, you know? Like, the thing is, like, damageable.
Mike: We… we… well, we don't have any evidence that the Chaos Metal is vulnerable to damage at all.
David S. Kong: No, it is. It is. How do we know?
David S. Kong: Well, the, the, the fucking sorceress, she's… she's not invulnerable to everything.
Mike: No, I know, but that doesn't… that doesn't mean the metal… it's possible the only way to damage her is by piercing the metal.
Mike: It doesn't mean that the metal is itself.
Tim Sackton: No, it's true.
Mike: It's incredible.
Tim Sackton: What you've cast so far seems to have… affected the… Chaos Metal structure directly.
David S. Kong: But we haven't tried.
Tim Sackton: Obviously doesn't…
David S. Kong: hitting it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you haven't tried very hard, so maybe that's why.
David S. Kong: Let's do it. Let's do this. Let's go drop some fucking rocks on it with, like, birds, aerial attack, and then erupting Earth It when it's going up the wall.
David S. Kong: That's our plan for tomorrow.
Mike: I mean, I also think about things like… you know…
Mike: Getting a bunch of elephants and throwing ropes.
Mike: Than trying to just pull it somewhere, right?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Sure.
Mike: I mean, presumably it would just shape-shift together the ropes, though, but…
David S. Kong: Yeah. Yeah.
David S. Kong: I like the idea of just ballistic attacks, of just, like, objects, you know.
Mike: spotlight.
David S. Kong: Fuckin' boulders.
Mike: How big can Seeker Performance of Creation something?
Mike: Or animate. Can he animate, like, a large rope?
Mike: That can wrap itself around something, and fights to stay attached?
Tim Sackton: A lar- you can animate a larger, smaller, non-magical item.
Tim Sackton: The largest thing he can performance of creation is huge.
David S. Kong: But, but Mike, like.
David S. Kong: Attach, like, putting a rope around, like, that'll slow it down for how long? Like, the duration of…
Mike: Well, no, I was… I was thinking then you'd get a bunch of elephants on the other side of the rope.
Mike: and pull it the other… I don't know, it doesn't really seem likely to work that well, to be honest.
David S. Kong: I like the Boulders. I like the Boulders. Like, especially…
Mike: Like, the plane as well, it's going up the cliff.
David S. Kong: Totally, yes.
Mike: Interrupting Earthit, and then…
David S. Kong: Exactly, exactly. That is our plan.
David S. Kong: Let's do that.
Tim Sackton: So, I…
Mike: So, like… Yeah, okay.
David S. Kong: While that's happening, Kenzo's also gonna just Astral Plane inside the thing and just, like, fight a bunch of dudes.
Tim Sackton: Again, you retreat in the afternoon, and now you're back.
Tim Sackton: to the camp on August 10th.
Tim Sackton: You expect Vinjasarna… Let's see, I have a note on this somewhere.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Yo, it should… didn't try to be here by now? Ish?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yes, I'm just… I guess gotta calculate the exact timing.
Tim Sackton: It's… I think it's close.
Tim Sackton: In any case, it's the afternoon of August 10th now. Vindr Sharda should arrive tomorrow morning.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: And when do we think that it'll hit the…
Mike: When do we think it'll hit the.
Tim Sackton: And your expectation, if it continues going at the same pace, Is that it will hit…
Tim Sackton: The escarpment tomorrow evening.
David S. Kong: So we'll have Avengers Runner, too.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Ice turret.
Tim Sackton: And from there, it's… it will take it maybe…
Tim Sackton: Less than a day to reach the heart route from… once it climbs the escarpment.
Mike: Great.
David S. Kong: Okay, but let's, let's, like, insertment, let's go all, let's go all in.
Mike: I mean.
David S. Kong: It's ice turrets… Eagles with boulders, and…
David S. Kong: Disrupting Earth.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, maybe it's… it's midnight now.
Mike: I was gonna say maybe we do the ice turret, maybe we.
Tim Sackton: I actually think this might end up… this is probably gonna be more than 15 minutes or 20 minutes, so I think maybe we…
David S. Kong: Sounds good.
Tim Sackton: Hold off for next time.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I have to step away for a minute, too.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I think we're gonna stop here, so… Alright, cool.
David S. Kong: Guys, this is a very highly successful guerrilla campaign.
Mike: Freedom Fighters…
David S. Kong: Tsunamis.
Mike: It's really, like, quite effective, right?
David S. Kong: The whole thing that we did today was extremely effective. It was. We did well to buy our Lexingtonian roots today.
David S. Kong: We honored the… we honored our revolutionary, you know, brethren.
Tim Sackton: So, we'll pick up, our next, our next, game is scheduled on…
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 25th?
Tim Sackton: the 25th, 2 weeks from today, on it, I'm… So…
Tim Sackton: We'll talk then, but I… we might…
Tim Sackton: Given that this has taken a bit longer than I anticipated, we might need to use that.
Tim Sackton: Bonus day.
David S. Kong: All good.
Tim Sackton: But we'll discuss next time. We'll see you all on the 25th.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, guys.
Tim Sackton: run.